org/springframework/context/support/Logic.java
 org.springframework.context.support.Logic
org/springframework/cache/concurrent/ConcurrentMapCacheManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.concurrent.ConcurrentMapCacheManagerTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/jsr330/SpringAtInjectTckTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.jsr330.SpringAtInjectTckTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$Person
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedConstructorArgumentTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedConstructorArgumentWithBaseQualifierNonDefaultValueTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedFieldTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedFieldWithBaseQualifierDefaultValueTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedFieldWithDefaultValueTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedFieldWithMultipleAttributesTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedMethodParameterTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedPerson
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$TestQualifier
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$TestQualifierWithDefaultValue
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.InjectAnnotationAutowireContextTests$TestQualifierWithMultipleAttributes
org/springframework/context/annotation/componentscan/simple/ClassWithNestedComponents.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.componentscan.simple.ClassWithNestedComponents
 org.springframework.context.annotation.componentscan.simple.ClassWithNestedComponents$NestedComponent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.componentscan.simple.ClassWithNestedComponents$OtherNestedComponent
org/springframework/context/event/test/GenericEventPojo.java
 org.springframework.context.event.test.GenericEventPojo
org/springframework/context/support/FactoryBeanAndApplicationListener.java
 org.springframework.context.support.FactoryBeanAndApplicationListener
org/springframework/context/event/AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests.java
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$1
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$AbstractTestEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$AnnotatedProxyTestBean
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$AnnotatedSimpleService
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$AsyncConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$AsyncConfigurationWithInterfaces
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$AsyncEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$BasicConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$BasicConfiguration$TestConditionEvaluator
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$CglibProxyTestBean
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$CglibProxyWithPrivateMethod
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$ConditionalEvent
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$ConditionalEventInterface
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$ConditionalEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$ContextEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$CustomScope
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$CustomScopeTestBean
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$EventOnPostConstruct
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$ExceptionEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$FooListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$GenericEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$InvalidMethodSignatureEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$MetaAnnotationListenerTestBean
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$MissingEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$MyEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$OrderedTestListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$ReplyEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$ResolvableTypeEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$ScopedProxyTestBean
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$SimpleProxyTestBean
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$SimpleService
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$TestEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AnnotationDrivenEventListenerTests$UseMissingEventListener
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/AspectAndAdvicePrecedenceTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AspectAndAdvicePrecedenceTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AspectAndAdvicePrecedenceTests$1
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AspectAndAdvicePrecedenceTests$PrecedenceVerifyingCollaborator
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.PrecedenceTestAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.PrecedenceTestAspect$Collaborator
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.SimpleSpringBeforeAdvice
org/springframework/scheduling/config/AnnotationDrivenBeanDefinitionParserTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.config.AnnotationDrivenBeanDefinitionParserTests
org/springframework/jndi/JndiPropertySourceTests.java
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiPropertySourceTests
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiPropertySourceTests$1
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiPropertySourceTests$2
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiPropertySourceTests$3
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiPropertySourceTests$4
org/springframework/format/datetime/standard/DateTimeFormatterFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.format.datetime.standard.DateTimeFormatterFactoryTests
test/mixin/LockedException.java
 test.mixin.LockedException
org/springframework/jmx/support/MBeanServerConnectionFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.support.MBeanServerConnectionFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/ConfigurationClassPostConstructAndAutowiringTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostConstructAndAutowiringTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostConstructAndAutowiringTests$Config1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostConstructAndAutowiringTests$Config2
org/springframework/scheduling/annotation/TestableAsyncUncaughtExceptionHandler.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.TestableAsyncUncaughtExceptionHandler
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.TestableAsyncUncaughtExceptionHandler$1
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.TestableAsyncUncaughtExceptionHandler$UncaughtExceptionDescriptor
org/springframework/jmx/access/MBeanClientInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.access.MBeanClientInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.jmx.access.MBeanClientInterceptorTests$1
 org.springframework.jmx.access.MBeanClientInterceptorTests$ProxyTestAssembler
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/AroundAdviceBindingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AroundAdviceBindingTestAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AroundAdviceBindingTestAspect$AroundAdviceBindingCollaborator
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AroundAdviceBindingTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/spr8955/Spr8955Parent.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.spr8955.Spr8955Parent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.spr8955.Spr8955Parent$Spr8955Child
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/BeanMethodQualificationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$Boring
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$CustomConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$CustomConfigWithAttributeOverride
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$CustomPojo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$InterestingBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$InterestingBeanWithName
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$InterestingNeed
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$InterestingNeedWithRequiredOverride
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$InterestingPojo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$ScopedConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$ScopedProxyConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$StandardConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanMethodQualificationTests$StandardPojo
org/springframework/context/annotation/NestedConfigurationClassTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0Config$L1Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0Config$L1Config$L2Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0ConfigBase
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0ConfigBase$L1ConfigEmpty
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0ConfigBase$L1ConfigEmpty$L2ConfigEmpty
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0ConfigConcrete
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0ConfigEmpty
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0ConfigEmpty$L1ConfigEmpty
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0ConfigEmpty$L1ConfigEmpty$L2ConfigEmpty
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0ConfigLight
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0ConfigLight$L1ConfigLight
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$L0ConfigLight$L1ConfigLight$L2ConfigLight
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$S1Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$S1ConfigWithProxy
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$S1Importer
 org.springframework.context.annotation.NestedConfigurationClassTests$S1ImporterWithProxy
org/springframework/instrument/classloading/ReflectiveLoadTimeWeaverTests.java
 org.springframework.instrument.classloading.ReflectiveLoadTimeWeaverTests
 org.springframework.instrument.classloading.ReflectiveLoadTimeWeaverTests$1
 org.springframework.instrument.classloading.ReflectiveLoadTimeWeaverTests$JustAddTransformerClassLoader
 org.springframework.instrument.classloading.ReflectiveLoadTimeWeaverTests$TotallyCompliantClassLoader
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/SubtypeSensitiveMatchingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.Bar
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.NonSerializableFoo
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.SerializableFoo
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.SubtypeMatchingTestClassA
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.SubtypeMatchingTestClassB
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.SubtypeMatchingTestClassC
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.SubtypeSensitiveMatchingTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$A
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$AStrich
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$AbstractConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$B
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$Bar
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BarArgument
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BarImpl
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BarInterface
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BaseConfigurationWithEmptyExcludeFilters
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BaseDefaultMethods
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BaseInterface
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BeanArgumentConfigWithNull
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BeanArgumentConfigWithPrototype
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BeanArgumentConfigWithPrototype$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BeanArgumentConfigWithSingleton
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BeanArgumentConfigWithSingleton$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BeanDefinitionRegistryPostProcessorConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BeanDefinitionRegistryPostProcessorConfig$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$BeanLookupConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$CollectionArgumentConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$CollectionInjectionConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ComposedComposedConfigurationWithAttributeOverrides
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ComposedComposedConfigurationWithAttributeOverridesClass
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ComposedConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ComposedConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ComposedConfigurationWithAttributeOverrideForBasePackage
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ComposedConfigurationWithAttributeOverrideForExcludeFilter
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ComposedConfigurationWithAttributeOverrides
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ConcreteConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ConcreteConfigWithDefaultMethods
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ConfigWithOrderedInnerClasses
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ConfigWithOrderedInnerClasses$OverridingSingletonBeanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ConfigWithOrderedInnerClasses$SingletonBeanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ConfigWithOrderedNestedClasses
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ConfigWithOrderedNestedClasses$OverridingSingletonBeanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ConfigWithOrderedNestedClasses$SingletonBeanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$DefaultMethodsConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$DependingFoo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$DummyRunnable
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ExtendedAgainFoo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ExtendedConfigurationWithAttributeOverrideForExcludeFilter
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ExtendedFoo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$FirstConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$Foo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$FooBarConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$FooFactory
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$FooImpl
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$GenericRepository
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$InvalidOverridingSingletonBeanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$LoadedConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$MapArgumentConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$MapInjectionConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$MetaComponentScan
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$MetaComponentScanConfigurationWithAttributeOverrides
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$MetaComponentScanConfigurationWithAttributeOverridesClass
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$NonEnhancedSingletonBeanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$OverridingAgainSingletonBeanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$OverridingSingletonBeanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$PrototypeScoped
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RawFactoryMethodRepositoryConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RawFactoryMethodRepositoryConfiguration$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RawInstanceRepositoryConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RawInstanceRepositoryConfiguration$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RawMatchingConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$Repository
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RepositoryConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RepositoryConfiguration$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RepositoryConfiguration$2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RepositoryConfiguration$3
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RepositoryFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RepositoryFactoryBeanConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RepositoryFactoryBeanInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RepositoryInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$RepositoryInterface
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ScopedProxyConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ScopedProxyConsumer
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ScopedProxyRepositoryConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ScopedProxyRepositoryConfiguration$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ScopedProxyRepositoryConfiguration$2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ScopedRepositoryConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ScopedRepositoryConfiguration$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ScopedRepositoryConfiguration$2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ScopedRepositoryConfiguration$3
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$SecondConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ServiceBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$ServiceBeanProvider
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$SingletonBeanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$SpecificRepositoryConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$SpecificRepositoryInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$StaticSingletonBeanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$SubMetaComponentScanConfigurationWithAttributeOverridesClass
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$UnloadedConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$VarargConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$WildcardMatchingConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$WildcardWithExtendsConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$WildcardWithGenericExtendsConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$Z
org/springframework/jmx/AbstractJmxTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.AbstractJmxTests
org/springframework/context/event/test/TestEvent.java
 org.springframework.context.event.test.TestEvent
org/springframework/scripting/support/RefreshableScriptTargetSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.support.RefreshableScriptTargetSourceTests
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/ICustomBase.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.ICustomBase
org/springframework/beans/factory/annotation/BridgeMethodAutowiringTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.BridgeMethodAutowiringTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.BridgeMethodAutowiringTests$Foo
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.BridgeMethodAutowiringTests$GenericServiceImpl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.BridgeMethodAutowiringTests$UserServiceImpl
example/scannable/CustomAspectStereotype.java
 example.scannable.CustomAspectStereotype
org/springframework/context/event/test/IdentifiableApplicationEvent.java
 org.springframework.context.event.test.IdentifiableApplicationEvent
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/TestException.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.TestException
org/springframework/context/annotation/AsmCircularImportDetectionTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AsmCircularImportDetectionTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/componentscan/level2/Level2Config.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.componentscan.level2.Level2Config
org/springframework/aop/framework/AbstractAopProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$1
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$10
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$11
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$12
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$13
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$14
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$15
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$16
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$17
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$1MapAwareMethodInterceptor
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$1MyDi
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$1NameSaver
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$1SummingAfterAdvice
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$2
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$3
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$4
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$5
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$6
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$7
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$8
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$9
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$AllInstancesAreEqual
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$CheckMethodInvocationIsSameInAndOutInterceptor
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$CheckMethodInvocationViaThreadLocalIsSameInAndOutInterceptor
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$CountingAdvisorListener
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$CountingMultiAdvice
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$CountingThrowsAdvice
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$DummyIntroductionAdviceImpl
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$ExposedInvocationTestBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$INeedsToSeeProxy
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$IOverloads
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$InvocationCheckExposedInvocationTestBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$MockTargetSource
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$NeedsToSeeProxy
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$Overloads
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$OwnSpouse
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$ProxyMatcherInterceptor
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$RefreshCountingAdvisorChainFactory
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$SpecializedUncheckedException
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$StringSetterNullReplacementAdvice
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$StringSetterNullReplacementAdvice$1
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$StringSetterNullReplacementAdvice$2
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$TargetChecker
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$TestDynamicPointcutAdvice
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$TestDynamicPointcutAdvice$1
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$TestDynamicPointcutForSettersOnly
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$TestDynamicPointcutForSettersOnly$1
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$TestStaticPointcutAdvice
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$TrapTargetInterceptor
 org.springframework.aop.framework.AbstractAopProxyTests$UncheckedException
org/springframework/scheduling/support/BitsCronFieldTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.BitsCronFieldTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.BitsCronFieldTests$1
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.BitsCronFieldTests$2
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.BitsCronFieldTests$3
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.BitsCronFieldTests$4
org/springframework/scheduling/annotation/EnableSchedulingTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$AmbiguousExplicitSchedulerConfig
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$ExplicitScheduledTaskRegistrarConfig
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$ExplicitSchedulerConfig
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$FixedRateTaskConfig
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$FixedRateTaskConfigSubclass
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$FixedRateTaskConfig_withInitialDelay
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$SchedulingEnabled_withAmbiguousTaskSchedulers_andSingleTask
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$SchedulingEnabled_withAmbiguousTaskSchedulers_andSingleTask_disambiguatedByScheduledTaskRegistrar
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$SchedulingEnabled_withAmbiguousTaskSchedulers_andSingleTask_disambiguatedBySchedulerNameAttribute
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$SchedulingEnabled_withAmbiguousTaskSchedulers_butNoActualTasks
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$SchedulingEnabled_withTaskAddedVia_configureTasks
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$ThreadAwareWorker
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableSchedulingTests$TriggerTaskConfig
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/MethodNameBasedMBeanInfoAssemblerMappedTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.MethodNameBasedMBeanInfoAssemblerMappedTests
org/springframework/scheduling/config/SchedulerBeanDefinitionParserTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.config.SchedulerBeanDefinitionParserTests
org/springframework/scripting/ScriptBean.java
 org.springframework.scripting.ScriptBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/SimplePropertyNamespaceHandlerWithExpressionLanguageTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.SimplePropertyNamespaceHandlerWithExpressionLanguageTests
org/springframework/context/event/PayloadApplicationEventTests.java
 org.springframework.context.event.PayloadApplicationEventTests
 org.springframework.context.event.PayloadApplicationEventTests$Auditable
 org.springframework.context.event.PayloadApplicationEventTests$AuditableListener
 org.springframework.context.event.PayloadApplicationEventTests$AuditablePayloadEvent
org/springframework/context/annotation6/ConfigForScanning.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation6.ConfigForScanning
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/spr3064/SPR3064Tests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.spr3064.SPR3064Tests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.spr3064.Service
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.spr3064.ServiceImpl
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.spr3064.Transaction
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.spr3064.TransactionInterceptor
org/springframework/jmx/export/MBeanExporterOperationsTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterOperationsTests
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterOperationsTests$1
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterOperationsTests$2
org/springframework/context/annotation/ReflectionUtilsIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ReflectionUtilsIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ReflectionUtilsIntegrationTests$Leaf
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ReflectionUtilsIntegrationTests$Parent
org/springframework/context/annotation/BeanMethodMetadataTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodMetadataTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodMetadataTests$Conf
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodMetadataTests$MyAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodMetadataTests$MyBean
org/springframework/context/event/test/AnotherTestEvent.java
 org.springframework.context.event.test.AnotherTestEvent
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/AnnotationPointcutTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AnnotationPointcutTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.TestMethodInterceptor
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$10Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$11Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$12Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$1Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$2Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$3Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$4Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$5Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$6Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$7Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$8Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.BeanAnnotationAttributePropagationTests$9Config
org/springframework/context/support/BeanFactoryPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.BeanFactoryPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.context.support.BeanFactoryPostProcessorTests$ListeningBean
 org.springframework.context.support.BeanFactoryPostProcessorTests$ListeningBeanFactoryPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.support.BeanFactoryPostProcessorTests$NestingBeanFactoryPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.support.BeanFactoryPostProcessorTests$OuterBeanDefinitionRegistryPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.support.BeanFactoryPostProcessorTests$PrioritizedBeanDefinitionRegistryPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.support.BeanFactoryPostProcessorTests$PrioritizedOuterBeanDefinitionRegistryPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.support.BeanFactoryPostProcessorTests$TestBeanDefinitionRegistryPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.support.BeanFactoryPostProcessorTests$TestBeanFactoryPostProcessor
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/AutowiredConfigurationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$AliasedProp
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$AutowiredConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$AutowiredConstructorConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$AutowiredMethodConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$ColorConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$MultipleConstructorConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$MyProp
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$ObjectFactoryConstructorConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$OptionalAutowiredMethodConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$PropertiesConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$ValueConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$ValueConfigWithAliasedMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$ValueConfigWithMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$ValueConfigWithProviderConstructorArguments
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$ValueConfigWithProviderFields
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.AutowiredConfigurationTests$ValueConfigWithProviderMethodArguments
org/springframework/context/annotation/AutoProxyLazyInitTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AutoProxyLazyInitTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AutoProxyLazyInitTests$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AutoProxyLazyInitTests$ConfigWithNonStatic
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AutoProxyLazyInitTests$ConfigWithNonStaticAndInterface
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AutoProxyLazyInitTests$ConfigWithStatic
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AutoProxyLazyInitTests$ConfigWithStaticAndInterface
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AutoProxyLazyInitTests$MyBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AutoProxyLazyInitTests$MyBeanImpl
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AutoProxyLazyInitTests$StrictLazyInitTargetSourceCreator
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/DeclareParentsDelegateRefTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.DeclareParentsDelegateRefTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.NoMethodsBean
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.NoMethodsBeanImpl
org/springframework/context/support/SerializableBeanFactoryMemoryLeakTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.SerializableBeanFactoryMemoryLeakTests
 org.springframework.context.support.SerializableBeanFactoryMemoryLeakTests$1
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/InterfaceBasedMBeanInfoAssemblerTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.InterfaceBasedMBeanInfoAssemblerTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/Spr11310Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11310Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11310Tests$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11310Tests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11310Tests$StringHolder
org/springframework/aop/config/AopNamespaceHandlerReturningTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.config.AopNamespaceHandlerReturningTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/Spr12526Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr12526Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr12526Tests$CustomCondition
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr12526Tests$DependencyOne
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr12526Tests$DependencyTwo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr12526Tests$FirstService
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr12526Tests$SecondService
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr12526Tests$Service
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr12526Tests$TestContext
org/springframework/scripting/config/ITestBean.java
 org.springframework.scripting.config.ITestBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/ComponentScanAndImportAnnotationInteractionTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAndImportAnnotationInteractionTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAndImportAnnotationInteractionTests$Config1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAndImportAnnotationInteractionTests$Config2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAndImportAnnotationInteractionTests$Config3
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAndImportAnnotationInteractionTests$ImportedConfig
org/springframework/context/annotation/ComponentScanParserTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanParserTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanParserTests$CustomAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanParserTests$CustomTypeFilter
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanParserTests$KustomAnnotationAutowiredBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanParserTests$KustomAnnotationDependencyBean
org/springframework/context/LifecycleContextBean.java
 org.springframework.context.LifecycleContextBean
org/springframework/scheduling/concurrent/ScheduledExecutorFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ScheduledExecutorFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ScheduledExecutorFactoryBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ScheduledExecutorFactoryBeanTests$2
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ScheduledExecutorFactoryBeanTests$3
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ScheduledExecutorFactoryBeanTests$4
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ScheduledExecutorFactoryBeanTests$NoOpScheduledExecutorTask
example/scannable/sub/BarComponent.java
 example.scannable.sub.BarComponent
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/DuplicatePostProcessingTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.DuplicatePostProcessingTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.DuplicatePostProcessingTests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.DuplicatePostProcessingTests$ExampleApplicationEvent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.DuplicatePostProcessingTests$ExampleApplicationEventListener
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.DuplicatePostProcessingTests$ExampleBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.DuplicatePostProcessingTests$ExampleBeanPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.DuplicatePostProcessingTests$ExampleFactoryBean
org/springframework/jmx/access/RemoteMBeanClientInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.access.RemoteMBeanClientInterceptorTests
org/springframework/jmx/export/naming/PropertiesFileNamingStrategyTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.naming.PropertiesFileNamingStrategyTests
org/springframework/aop/framework/Dependency.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.Dependency
example/scannable/PackageMarker.java
 example.scannable.PackageMarker
org/springframework/context/annotation/role/ComponentWithRole.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.role.ComponentWithRole
example/scannable/ServiceInvocationCounter.java
 example.scannable.ServiceInvocationCounter
org/springframework/context/annotation/componentscan/cycle/right/RightConfig.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.componentscan.cycle.right.RightConfig
org/springframework/context/event/GenericApplicationListenerAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.context.event.GenericApplicationListenerAdapterTests
org/springframework/jmx/export/naming/PropertiesNamingStrategyTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.naming.PropertiesNamingStrategyTests
org/springframework/aop/scope/ScopedProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.scope.ScopedProxyTests
org/springframework/jmx/export/CustomEditorConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.CustomEditorConfigurerTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/spr9031/scanpackage/Spr9031Component.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.spr9031.scanpackage.Spr9031Component
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr10546/ParentWithImportResourceConfig.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.ParentWithImportResourceConfig
example/profilescan/ProfileMetaAnnotatedComponent.java
 example.profilescan.ProfileMetaAnnotatedComponent
org/springframework/cache/interceptor/CachePutEvaluationTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CachePutEvaluationTests
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CachePutEvaluationTests$Config
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CachePutEvaluationTests$SimpleService
example/scannable/FooDao.java
 example.scannable.FooDao
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/AbstractJmxAssemblerTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.AbstractJmxAssemblerTests
org/springframework/jmx/export/annotation/AnotherAnnotationTestBeanImpl.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.AnotherAnnotationTestBeanImpl
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/PropertyDependentAspectTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.JoinPointMonitorAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.JoinPointMonitorAtAspectJAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.PropertyDependentAspectTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/ConfigurationClassWithPlaceholderConfigurerBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassWithPlaceholderConfigurerBeanTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassWithPlaceholderConfigurerBeanTests$ConfigWithPlaceholderConfigurer
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassWithPlaceholderConfigurerBeanTests$ConfigWithValueField
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassWithPlaceholderConfigurerBeanTests$ConfigWithValueFieldAndPlaceholderConfigurer
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassWithPlaceholderConfigurerBeanTests$ConfigWithValueFieldAndStaticPlaceholderConfigurer
org/springframework/cache/config/EnableCachingTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingTests
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingTests$EmptyConfig
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingTests$EmptyConfigSupportConfig
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingTests$EnableCachingConfig
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingTests$FullCachingConfig
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingTests$MultiCacheManagerConfig
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingTests$MultiCacheManagerConfigurer
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingTests$SingleCacheManagerConfig
org/springframework/jmx/export/PropertyPlaceholderConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.PropertyPlaceholderConfigurerTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr10546/Spr10546Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.Spr10546Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.Spr10546Tests$AEnclosingWithComponentScanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.Spr10546Tests$AEnclosingWithComponentScanConfig$ChildConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.Spr10546Tests$AEnclosingWithGrandparentConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.Spr10546Tests$AEnclosingWithGrandparentConfig$ChildConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.Spr10546Tests$AEnclosingWithImportConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.Spr10546Tests$AEnclosingWithImportConfig$ChildConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.Spr10546Tests$AEnclosingWithImportResourceConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.Spr10546Tests$AEnclosingWithImportResourceConfig$ChildConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.Spr10546Tests$ChildConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.Spr10546Tests$ImportChildConfig
org/springframework/instrument/classloading/InstrumentableClassLoaderTests.java
 org.springframework.instrument.classloading.InstrumentableClassLoaderTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/PackagePrivateBeanMethodInheritanceTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.PackagePrivateBeanMethodInheritanceTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.PackagePrivateBeanMethodInheritanceTests$Bar
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.PackagePrivateBeanMethodInheritanceTests$Foo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.PackagePrivateBeanMethodInheritanceTests$ReproConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.PackagePrivateBeanMethodInheritanceTests$WorkaroundConfig
org/springframework/context/annotation/DeferredImportSelectorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.DeferredImportSelectorTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/RoleAndDescriptionAnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.RoleAndDescriptionAnnotationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.RoleAndDescriptionAnnotationTests$Config
org/springframework/context/annotation/ClassPathFactoryBeanDefinitionScannerTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathFactoryBeanDefinitionScannerTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathFactoryBeanDefinitionScannerTests$QualifiedClientBean
org/springframework/cache/NoOpCacheManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.NoOpCacheManagerTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/Spr12278Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr12278Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr12278Tests$BaseConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr12278Tests$SingleConstructorComponent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr12278Tests$TwoConstructorsComponent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr12278Tests$TwoSpecificConstructorsComponent
org/springframework/context/expression/FactoryBeanAccessTests.java
 org.springframework.context.expression.FactoryBeanAccessTests
 org.springframework.context.expression.FactoryBeanAccessTests$SimpleBeanResolver
 org.springframework.context.expression.FactoryBeanAccessTests$SimpleBeanResolver$Boat
 org.springframework.context.expression.FactoryBeanAccessTests$SimpleBeanResolver$Car
 org.springframework.context.expression.FactoryBeanAccessTests$SimpleBeanResolver$CarFactoryBean
test/TestConfig.java
 test.TestConfig
org/springframework/jmx/export/naming/IdentityNamingStrategyTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.naming.IdentityNamingStrategyTests
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/BeanNamePointcutTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.BeanNamePointcutTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.BeanNamePointcutTests$TestInterceptor
example/gh24375/NestedAnnotation.java
 example.gh24375.NestedAnnotation
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/ImportAnnotationDetectionTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportAnnotationDetectionTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportAnnotationDetectionTests$Config1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportAnnotationDetectionTests$Config2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportAnnotationDetectionTests$Config2a
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportAnnotationDetectionTests$Config3
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportAnnotationDetectionTests$ImportFromBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportAnnotationDetectionTests$MetaImport1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportAnnotationDetectionTests$MetaImport2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportAnnotationDetectionTests$MultiMetaImportConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportAnnotationDetectionTests$MultiMetaImportConfigWithLocalImport
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportAnnotationDetectionTests$MultiMetaImportConfigWithLocalImportWithBeanOverride
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/generic/GenericParameterMatchingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.GenericParameterMatchingTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.GenericParameterMatchingTests$CounterAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.GenericParameterMatchingTests$GenericImpl
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.GenericParameterMatchingTests$GenericInterface
org/springframework/cache/CacheReproTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$MyCacheResolver
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr11124Config
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr11124Service
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr11124ServiceImpl
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr11249Config
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr11249Service
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr11592Config
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr11592Service
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr13081Config
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr13081Service
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr14230Config
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr14230Service
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr14853Config
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr14853Service
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr15271ConfigA
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr15271ConfigB
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr15271Interface
 org.springframework.cache.CacheReproTests$Spr15271Service
org/springframework/scripting/MessengerScrambler.java
 org.springframework.scripting.MessengerScrambler
org/springframework/jmx/export/NotificationPublisherTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.NotificationPublisherTests
 org.springframework.jmx.export.NotificationPublisherTests$1
 org.springframework.jmx.export.NotificationPublisherTests$CountingNotificationListener
 org.springframework.jmx.export.NotificationPublisherTests$MyMBean
 org.springframework.jmx.export.NotificationPublisherTests$MyNotificationPublisher
 org.springframework.jmx.export.NotificationPublisherTests$MyNotificationPublisherMBean
 org.springframework.jmx.export.NotificationPublisherTests$MyNotificationPublisherStandardMBean
org/springframework/scheduling/support/CronTriggerTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.CronTriggerTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.CronTriggerTests$ParameterizedCronTriggerTest
org/springframework/context/annotation/ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$AlwaysCondition
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$BeanOneConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$BeanThreeConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$BeanTwoConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$ConditionOnMethodConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$ConfigWithAlternativeBeans
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$ConfigWithBeanActive
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$ConfigWithBeanReactivated
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$ConfigWithBeanSkipped
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$ConfigurationNotCreated
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$ConfigurationWithMetaCondition
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$ExampleBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$HasBeanOneCondition
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$ImportSelectorNotCreated
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$ImportsNotCreated
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$MetaConditional
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$MetaConditionalFilter
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$MetaNever
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$Never
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$NeverCondition
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$NoBeanOneCondition
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$NonConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassWithConditionTests$RegistrarNotCreated
org/springframework/cache/interceptor/CacheErrorHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheErrorHandlerTests
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheErrorHandlerTests$Config
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheErrorHandlerTests$SimpleService
example/profilescan/SomeAbstractClass.java
 example.profilescan.SomeAbstractClass
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/Spr10744Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr10744Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr10744Tests$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr10744Tests$Foo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr10744Tests$MyConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr10744Tests$MyTestConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr10744Tests$MyTestScope
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr10546/ImportedConfig.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.ImportedConfig
org/springframework/context/expression/MapAccessorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.expression.MapAccessorTests
 org.springframework.context.expression.MapAccessorTests$MapGetter
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/AtAspectJAfterThrowingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AtAspectJAfterThrowingTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.ExceptionHandlingAspect
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/GroovyAspectTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.GroovyAspectTests
org/springframework/format/number/NumberStyleFormatterTests.java
 org.springframework.format.number.NumberStyleFormatterTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/Spr16217Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16217Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16217Tests$BarConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16217Tests$BaseConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16217Tests$ParseConfigurationPhaseCondition
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16217Tests$ParseConfigurationPhaseConditionConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16217Tests$ParseConfigurationPhaseImportingConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16217Tests$RegisterBeanPhaseCondition
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16217Tests$RegisterBeanPhaseConditionConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16217Tests$RegisterBeanPhaseImportingConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16217Tests$UnconditionalConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16217Tests$UnconditionalImportingConfiguration
org/springframework/scripting/config/ScriptingDefaultsTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.config.ScriptingDefaultsTests
org/springframework/aop/framework/adapter/AdvisorAdapterRegistrationTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter.AdvisorAdapterRegistrationTests
 org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter.SimpleBeforeAdvice
 org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter.SimpleBeforeAdviceAdapter
 org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter.SimpleBeforeAdviceImpl
 org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter.SimpleBeforeAdviceInterceptor
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/OverloadedAdviceTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.OverloadedAdviceTestAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.OverloadedAdviceTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests$AppConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests$ConcreteFactoryBeanImplementationConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests$DummyBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests$FactoryBeanCallingConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests$MyFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests$MyParameterizedFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests$NonPublicParameterizedFactoryBeanInterfaceConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests$ParameterizedFactoryBeanImplementationConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests$ParameterizedFactoryBeanInterfaceConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests$RawFactoryBeanInterfaceConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndAutowiringTests$WildcardParameterizedFactoryBeanInterfaceConfig
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/MyImportCustomizer.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.MyImportCustomizer
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/AnnotationBindingTestAspect.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AnnotationBindingTestAspect
org/springframework/context/annotation/componentscan/cycle/left/LeftConfig.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.componentscan.cycle.left.LeftConfig
org/springframework/context/annotation/DoubleScanTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.DoubleScanTests
org/springframework/context/support/StaticApplicationContextMulticasterTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.StaticApplicationContextMulticasterTests
 org.springframework.context.support.StaticApplicationContextMulticasterTests$TestApplicationEventMulticaster
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/MethodExclusionMBeanInfoAssemblerNotMappedTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.MethodExclusionMBeanInfoAssemblerNotMappedTests
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/generic/GenericBridgeMethodMatchingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.BaseInterface
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.DerivedInterface
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.DerivedStringParameterizedClass
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.GenericBridgeMethodMatchingTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.GenericCounterAspect
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr10546/scanpackage/AEnclosingConfig.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.scanpackage.AEnclosingConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.scanpackage.AEnclosingConfig$ChildConfig
org/springframework/context/annotation6/ComponentForScanning.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation6.ComponentForScanning
org/springframework/jndi/JndiTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplateTests
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplateTests$1
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplateTests$2
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplateTests$3
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplateTests$4
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplateTests$5
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplateTests$6
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplateTests$7
org/springframework/format/number/PercentStyleFormatterTests.java
 org.springframework.format.number.PercentStyleFormatterTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/ImportResourceTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportResourceTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportResourceTests$AnAspect
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportResourceTests$BaseConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportResourceTests$FirstLevelSubConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportResourceTests$ImportNonXmlResourceConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportResourceTests$ImportXmlAutowiredConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportResourceTests$ImportXmlConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportResourceTests$ImportXmlWithAopNamespaceConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportResourceTests$ImportXmlWithConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportResourceTests$SecondLevelSubConfig
org/springframework/validation/DefaultMessageCodesResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.DefaultMessageCodesResolverTests
test/mixin/LockMixin.java
 test.mixin.LockMixin
org/springframework/context/support/Assembler.java
 org.springframework.context.support.Assembler
org/springframework/ejb/config/JeeNamespaceHandlerEventTests.java
 org.springframework.ejb.config.JeeNamespaceHandlerEventTests
org/springframework/context/support/ClassPathXmlApplicationContextTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.ClassPathXmlApplicationContextTests
 org.springframework.context.support.ClassPathXmlApplicationContextTests$1
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/MethodNameBasedMBeanInfoAssemblerTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.MethodNameBasedMBeanInfoAssemblerTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/Spr16179Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16179Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16179Tests$Assembler
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16179Tests$AssemblerConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16179Tests$AssemblerConfig$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16179Tests$AssemblerInjection
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16179Tests$Page
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16179Tests$PageAssembler
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16179Tests$PageAssemblerImpl
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16179Tests$SomeOtherType
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr16179Tests$SomeType
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/LogUserAdvice.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.LogUserAdvice
org/springframework/jmx/export/DateRange.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.DateRange
org/springframework/cache/config/ExpressionCachingIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.config.ExpressionCachingIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.cache.config.ExpressionCachingIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.cache.config.ExpressionCachingIntegrationTests$BaseDao
 org.springframework.cache.config.ExpressionCachingIntegrationTests$Order
 org.springframework.cache.config.ExpressionCachingIntegrationTests$OrderDaoImpl
 org.springframework.cache.config.ExpressionCachingIntegrationTests$SharedConfig
 org.springframework.cache.config.ExpressionCachingIntegrationTests$Spr11692Config
 org.springframework.cache.config.ExpressionCachingIntegrationTests$User
 org.springframework.cache.config.ExpressionCachingIntegrationTests$UserDaoImpl
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/DeclareParentsTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.DeclareParentsTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.NonAnnotatedMakeLockable
org/springframework/scheduling/config/ExecutorBeanDefinitionParserTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.config.ExecutorBeanDefinitionParserTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.config.ExecutorBeanDefinitionParserTests$1
org/springframework/format/datetime/joda/DateTimeFormatterFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.format.datetime.joda.DateTimeFormatterFactoryTests
org/springframework/jmx/support/JmxUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$Abc
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$AttributeTestBean
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$Bar
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$Foo
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$FooMBean
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$FooMXBean
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$FooX
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$JmxClass
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$JmxClassMBean
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$JmxInterface
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$JmxInterfaceMBean
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$SpecializedJmxInterface
 org.springframework.jmx.support.JmxUtilsTests$StandardMBeanImpl
org/springframework/context/i18n/LocaleContextHolderTests.java
 org.springframework.context.i18n.LocaleContextHolderTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/PropertySourceAnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ComposedConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigImportedWithSameSourceImportedInDifferentOrder
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithEmptyResourceLocations
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithExplicitName
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithFourResourceLocations
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithIgnoredPropertySource
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithImplicitName
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithMissingPropertySource
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithMultipleResourceLocations
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithNameAndMultipleResourceLocations
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithNamedPropertySources
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithPropertySources
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithRepeatedPropertySourceAnnotations
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithRepeatedPropertySourceAnnotationsOnComposedAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithResolvablePlaceholder
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithResolvablePlaceholderAndFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithResolvablePlaceholderAndFactoryBean$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithSameSourceImportedInDifferentOrder
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithTestProfileBeans
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithUnresolvablePlaceholder
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$ConfigWithUnresolvablePlaceholderAndDefault
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$MyCustomFactory
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$MyCustomFactory$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$MyPropertySource
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$P2Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$WithCustomFactory
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySourceAnnotationTests$WithCustomFactoryAsMeta
org/springframework/context/event/EventPublicationInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.event.EventPublicationInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.context.event.EventPublicationInterceptorTests$1TestContext
 org.springframework.context.event.EventPublicationInterceptorTests$FactoryBeanTestListener
 org.springframework.context.event.EventPublicationInterceptorTests$TestEventWithNoValidOneArgObjectCtor
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/AspectJAutoProxyCreatorTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AdviceUsingThisJoinPoint
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AspectJAutoProxyCreatorTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.DummyAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.DummyAspectWithParameter
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.DummyFactoryBean
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.IMarkerTestBean
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.IncreaseReturnValue
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.Marker
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.MarkerTestBean
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.MultiplyReturnValue
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.MultiplyReturnValueForMarker
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.PerTargetAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.RetryAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.RetryableException
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.TestBeanAdvisor
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.TestBeanAdvisor$1
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.UnreliableBean
org/springframework/context/support/Spr7816Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.Spr7816Tests
 org.springframework.context.support.Spr7816Tests$Building
 org.springframework.context.support.Spr7816Tests$DomainEntity
 org.springframework.context.support.Spr7816Tests$Dwelling
 org.springframework.context.support.Spr7816Tests$Entrance
 org.springframework.context.support.Spr7816Tests$FilterAdapter
org/springframework/cache/config/CacheAdviceParserTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.config.CacheAdviceParserTests
org/springframework/cache/config/CustomInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.config.CustomInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.cache.config.CustomInterceptorTests$EnableCachingConfig
 org.springframework.cache.config.CustomInterceptorTests$TestCacheInterceptor
org/springframework/scheduling/concurrent/DecoratedThreadPoolTaskExecutorTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.DecoratedThreadPoolTaskExecutorTests
org/springframework/ejb/access/LocalSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$1
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$2
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$ApplicationException
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$BusinessMethods
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$LocalInterface
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$LocalInterfaceWithBusinessMethods
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$SlsbHome
org/springframework/format/datetime/joda/JodaTimeFormattingTests.java
 org.springframework.format.datetime.joda.JodaTimeFormattingTests
 org.springframework.format.datetime.joda.JodaTimeFormattingTests$1
 org.springframework.format.datetime.joda.JodaTimeFormattingTests$JodaTimeBean
org/springframework/jmx/JmxTestBean.java
 org.springframework.jmx.JmxTestBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/ImportBeanDefinitionRegistrarTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportBeanDefinitionRegistrarTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportBeanDefinitionRegistrarTests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportBeanDefinitionRegistrarTests$Sample
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportBeanDefinitionRegistrarTests$SampleRegistrar
org/springframework/context/expression/AnnotatedElementKeyTests.java
 org.springframework.context.expression.AnnotatedElementKeyTests
org/springframework/cache/config/EnableCachingIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingIntegrationTests$BeanConditionConfig
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingIntegrationTests$BeanConditionConfig$Bar
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingIntegrationTests$FooConfig
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingIntegrationTests$FooConfigCglib
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingIntegrationTests$FooService
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingIntegrationTests$FooServiceImpl
 org.springframework.cache.config.EnableCachingIntegrationTests$SharedConfig
org/springframework/ejb/access/SimpleRemoteSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$1
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$2
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$ApplicationException
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$BusinessInterface
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$RemoteInterface
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteSlsbInvokerInterceptorTests$SlsbHome
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/InterfaceBasedMBeanInfoAssemblerMappedTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.InterfaceBasedMBeanInfoAssemblerMappedTests
org/springframework/ui/ModelMapTests.java
 org.springframework.ui.ModelMapTests
 org.springframework.ui.ModelMapTests$1
 org.springframework.ui.ModelMapTests$SomeInnerClass
 org.springframework.ui.ModelMapTests$UKInnerClass
example/scannable/MessageBean.java
 example.scannable.MessageBean
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/GroovyScriptFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.GroovyScriptFactoryTests
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.GroovyScriptFactoryTests$TestCustomizer
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.GroovyScriptFactoryTests$TestCustomizer$1
org/springframework/aop/framework/autoproxy/BeanNameAutoProxyCreatorInitTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.BeanNameAutoProxyCreatorInitTests
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.NullChecker
org/springframework/scheduling/support/CronExpressionTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.CronExpressionTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.CronExpressionTests$1
org/springframework/context/annotation/AbstractCircularImportDetectionTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AbstractCircularImportDetectionTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AbstractCircularImportDetectionTests$A
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AbstractCircularImportDetectionTests$B
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AbstractCircularImportDetectionTests$X
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AbstractCircularImportDetectionTests$Y
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AbstractCircularImportDetectionTests$Z
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AbstractCircularImportDetectionTests$Z1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AbstractCircularImportDetectionTests$Z2
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/Log.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.Log
org/springframework/scheduling/concurrent/ThreadPoolTaskExecutorTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ThreadPoolTaskExecutorTests
org/springframework/aop/framework/CglibProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibProxyTests
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibProxyTests$1
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibProxyTests$ExceptionThrower
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibProxyTests$MyBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibProxyTests$MyEnum
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibProxyTests$MyInterface
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibProxyTests$MyOtherEnum
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibProxyTests$NoArgCtorTestBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibProxyTests$PackageMethodTestBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibProxyTests$PrivateCglibTestBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibProxyTests$ProtectedMethodTestBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.CglibTestBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.UnsupportedInterceptor
example/scannable/FooServiceImpl.java
 example.scannable.FooServiceImpl
org/springframework/jmx/export/LazyInitMBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.LazyInitMBeanTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$DefaultValueQualifiedPerson
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$MetaQualifiedFieldTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$MyAutowired
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$Person
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedConstructorArgumentTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedConstructorArgumentWithBaseQualifierNonDefaultValueTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedFieldTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedFieldWithBaseQualifierDefaultValueTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedFieldWithDefaultValueTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedFieldWithMultipleAttributesTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedMethodParameterTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$QualifiedPerson
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$TestQualifier
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$TestQualifierWithDefaultValue
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireContextTests$TestQualifierWithMultipleAttributes
org/springframework/jmx/export/annotation/AnotherAnnotationTestBean.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.AnotherAnnotationTestBean
org/springframework/scheduling/support/QuartzCronFieldTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.QuartzCronFieldTests
org/springframework/jmx/support/MBeanServerFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.support.MBeanServerFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/AtAspectJAnnotationBindingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AtAspectJAnnotationBindingTestAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AtAspectJAnnotationBindingTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.ResourceArrayFactoryBean
org/springframework/jmx/export/TestDynamicMBean.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.TestDynamicMBean
org/springframework/format/support/FormattingConversionServiceTests.java
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$1
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$2
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$3
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$4
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$5
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$6
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$7
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$IntegerConverter
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$IntegerConverterFactory
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$MetaValueBean
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$Model
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$ModelWithPlaceholders
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$ModelWithSubclassField
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$MyDate
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$MyDateAnn
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$MyDatePattern
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$MyNumberAnn
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$NullReturningFormatter
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceTests$ValueBean
org/springframework/validation/ValidationUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.ValidationUtilsTests
 org.springframework.validation.ValidationUtilsTests$1
 org.springframework.validation.ValidationUtilsTests$EmptyOrWhitespaceValidator
 org.springframework.validation.ValidationUtilsTests$EmptyValidator
org/springframework/context/conversionservice/StringToBarConverter.java
 org.springframework.context.conversionservice.StringToBarConverter
org/springframework/util/MBeanTestUtils.java
 org.springframework.util.MBeanTestUtils
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/MethodExclusionMBeanInfoAssemblerComboTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.MethodExclusionMBeanInfoAssemblerComboTests
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/ConcreteMessenger.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.ConcreteMessenger
org/springframework/context/annotation/ComponentScanParserScopedProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanParserScopedProxyTests
org/springframework/context/support/DefaultLifecycleProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.DefaultLifecycleProcessorTests
 org.springframework.context.support.DefaultLifecycleProcessorTests$1
 org.springframework.context.support.DefaultLifecycleProcessorTests$DummySmartLifecycleBean
 org.springframework.context.support.DefaultLifecycleProcessorTests$DummySmartLifecycleFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.support.DefaultLifecycleProcessorTests$TestLifecycleBean
 org.springframework.context.support.DefaultLifecycleProcessorTests$TestSmartLifecycleBean
org/springframework/scripting/TestBeanAwareMessenger.java
 org.springframework.scripting.TestBeanAwareMessenger
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/ImportedConfigurationClassEnhancementTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportedConfigurationClassEnhancementTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportedConfigurationClassEnhancementTests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportedConfigurationClassEnhancementTests$ConfigThatDoesImport
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportedConfigurationClassEnhancementTests$ConfigThatDoesNotImport
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportedConfigurationClassEnhancementTests$ConfigThatImportsNonConfigClass
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportedConfigurationClassEnhancementTests$ConfigToBeAutowired
org/springframework/jmx/export/MBeanExporterTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$1
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$InvokeDetectAssembler
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$MockMBeanExporterListener
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$NamedBeanAutodetectCapableMBeanInfoAssemblerStub
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$NullSomethingFactoryBean
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$Person
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$PersonMBean
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$ProperSomethingFactoryBean
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$RuntimeExceptionThrowingConstructorBean
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$SelfNamingTestBean
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$Something
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$SomethingMBean
 org.springframework.jmx.export.MBeanExporterTests$StubNotificationListener
org/springframework/context/event/ApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests$1
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests$EntityWrapper
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests$InvalidProxyTestBean
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests$PayloadStringTestEvent
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests$PayloadTestEvent
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests$SampleEvents
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests$SimpleService
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationListenerMethodAdapterTests$StaticApplicationListenerMethodAdapter
example/scannable_implicitbasepackage/ScannedComponent.java
 example.scannable_implicitbasepackage.ScannedComponent
org/springframework/format/number/money/MoneyFormattingTests.java
 org.springframework.format.number.money.MoneyFormattingTests
 org.springframework.format.number.money.MoneyFormattingTests$FormattedMoneyHolder1
 org.springframework.format.number.money.MoneyFormattingTests$FormattedMoneyHolder2
 org.springframework.format.number.money.MoneyFormattingTests$FormattedMoneyHolder3
 org.springframework.format.number.money.MoneyFormattingTests$FormattedMoneyHolder4
 org.springframework.format.number.money.MoneyFormattingTests$FormattedMoneyHolder5
 org.springframework.format.number.money.MoneyFormattingTests$MoneyHolder
org/springframework/context/conversionservice/Bar.java
 org.springframework.context.conversionservice.Bar
org/springframework/jmx/export/CustomDateEditorRegistrar.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.CustomDateEditorRegistrar
org/springframework/validation/DataBinderFieldAccessTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderFieldAccessTests
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderFieldAccessTests$1
org/springframework/scripting/support/StandardScriptFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.support.StandardScriptFactoryTests
org/springframework/scheduling/support/PeriodicTriggerTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.PeriodicTriggerTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.PeriodicTriggerTests$TestTriggerContext
org/springframework/scheduling/annotation/AsyncExecutionTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$AsyncClassBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$AsyncClassBeanWithInterface
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$AsyncClassListener
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$AsyncInterface
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$AsyncInterfaceBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$AsyncMethodBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$AsyncMethodListener
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$AsyncMethodWithQualifierBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$AsyncMethodsInterface
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$AsyncMethodsInterfaceBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$DynamicAsyncInterfaceBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$DynamicAsyncInterfaceBean$1
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$DynamicAsyncMethodsInterfaceBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$DynamicAsyncMethodsInterfaceBean$1
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$MyAsync
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$RegularInterface
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$SimpleAsyncMethodBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$SimpleAsyncMethodWithQualifierBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncExecutionTests$SimpleInterface
example/profilescan/DevComponent.java
 example.profilescan.DevComponent
org/springframework/context/annotation/PrimitiveBeanLookupAndAutowiringTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PrimitiveBeanLookupAndAutowiringTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PrimitiveBeanLookupAndAutowiringTests$AutowiredComponent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PrimitiveBeanLookupAndAutowiringTests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.PrimitiveBeanLookupAndAutowiringTests$ResourceComponent
example/scannable/CustomStereotype.java
 example.scannable.CustomStereotype
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/AbstractMetadataAssemblerTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.AbstractMetadataAssemblerTests
org/springframework/context/support/LifecycleTestBean.java
 org.springframework.context.support.LifecycleTestBean
org/springframework/aop/framework/IEcho.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.IEcho
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr10546/ParentWithParentConfig.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.ParentWithParentConfig
org/springframework/remoting/support/RemoteInvocationUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.remoting.support.RemoteInvocationUtilsTests
org/springframework/aop/target/CommonsPool2TargetSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.target.CommonsPool2TargetSourceTests
test/aspect/TwoAdviceAspect.java
 test.aspect.TwoAdviceAspect
example/scannable/AutowiredQualifierFooService.java
 example.scannable.AutowiredQualifierFooService
org/springframework/aop/config/AopNamespaceHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.config.AopNamespaceHandlerTests
 org.springframework.aop.config.CountingAspectJAdvice
org/springframework/context/event/AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests.java
 org.springframework.context.event.AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests
 org.springframework.context.event.AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests$GenericEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests$GenericTestEvent
 org.springframework.context.event.AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests$LongEvent
 org.springframework.context.event.AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests$ObjectEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests$RawApplicationListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests$SmartGenericTestEvent
 org.springframework.context.event.AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests$StringEvent
 org.springframework.context.event.AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests$StringEventListener
 org.springframework.context.event.AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests$TestEvents
 org.springframework.context.event.AbstractApplicationEventListenerTests$UpperBoundEventListener
org/springframework/aop/framework/ClassWithComplexConstructor.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.ClassWithComplexConstructor
org/springframework/context/support/EnvironmentIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.EnvironmentIntegrationTests
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/ProceedTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ProceedTestingAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ProceedTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.SimpleBean
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.SimpleBeanImpl
org/springframework/scheduling/config/LazyScheduledTasksBeanDefinitionParserTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.config.LazyScheduledTasksBeanDefinitionParserTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.config.LazyScheduledTasksBeanDefinitionParserTests$Task
org/springframework/scripting/support/StubMessenger.java
 org.springframework.scripting.support.StubMessenger
example/gh24375/EnclosingAnnotation.java
 example.gh24375.EnclosingAnnotation
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr12334/Spr12334Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr12334.Spr12334Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr12334.Spr12334Tests$AnotherImport
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr12334.Spr12334Tests$TestConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr12334.Spr12334Tests$TestImport
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr10546/ParentConfig.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.ParentConfig
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/ConfigurationClassAspectIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassAspectIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassAspectIntegrationTests$Application
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassAspectIntegrationTests$Application$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassAspectIntegrationTests$AspectConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassAspectIntegrationTests$ConfigurationWithAspect
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassAspectIntegrationTests$CountingAspect
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassAspectIntegrationTests$NameChangingAspect
org/springframework/context/annotation4/FactoryMethodComponent.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation4.FactoryMethodComponent
org/springframework/context/support/GenericApplicationContextTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.GenericApplicationContextTests
 org.springframework.context.support.GenericApplicationContextTests$BeanA
 org.springframework.context.support.GenericApplicationContextTests$BeanB
 org.springframework.context.support.GenericApplicationContextTests$BeanC
org/springframework/context/expression/MethodBasedEvaluationContextTests.java
 org.springframework.context.expression.MethodBasedEvaluationContextTests
 org.springframework.context.expression.MethodBasedEvaluationContextTests$SampleMethods
org/springframework/context/support/AutowiredService.java
 org.springframework.context.support.AutowiredService
org/springframework/context/support/PropertyResourceConfigurerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.PropertyResourceConfigurerIntegrationTests
org/springframework/scheduling/concurrent/AbstractSchedulingTaskExecutorTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.AbstractSchedulingTaskExecutorTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.AbstractSchedulingTaskExecutorTests$TestCallable
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.AbstractSchedulingTaskExecutorTests$TestTask
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/ImplicitJPArgumentMatchingAtAspectJTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ImplicitJPArgumentMatchingAtAspectJTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ImplicitJPArgumentMatchingAtAspectJTests$CounterAtAspectJAspect
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/a/BaseConfig.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.a.BaseConfig
org/springframework/context/annotation/ImportVersusDirectRegistrationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AccidentalLiteConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AccidentalLiteConfiguration$InnerConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportVersusDirectRegistrationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Importer
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Thing
org/springframework/aop/framework/ObjenesisProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.ObjenesisProxyTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/componentscan/simple/SimpleComponent.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.componentscan.simple.SimpleComponent
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/DeclarationOrderIndependenceTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AspectCollaborator
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.DeclarationOrderIndependenceTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.DeclarationOrderIndependenceTests$BeanNameAwareMixin
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.DeclarationOrderIndependenceTests$SerializableMixin
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TopsyTurvyAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TopsyTurvyAspect$Collaborator
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TopsyTurvyTarget
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TopsyTurvyTargetImpl
org/springframework/scripting/Messenger.java
 org.springframework.scripting.Messenger
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/generic/AfterReturningGenericTypeMatchingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.AfterReturningGenericTypeMatchingTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.CounterAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.GenericReturnTypeVariationClass
org/springframework/scripting/bsh/BshScriptEvaluatorTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.bsh.BshScriptEvaluatorTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr12233/Spr12233Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr12233.Spr12233Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr12233.Spr12233Tests$ComponentScanningConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr12233.Spr12233Tests$ConditionWithPropertyValueInjection
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr12233.Spr12233Tests$ImportConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr12233.Spr12233Tests$NeverConfigurationCondition
org/springframework/context/annotation/InvalidConfigurationClassDefinitionTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.InvalidConfigurationClassDefinitionTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.InvalidConfigurationClassDefinitionTests$1Config
org/springframework/aop/config/AopNamespaceHandlerArgNamesTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.config.AopNamespaceHandlerArgNamesTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/TestScopeMetadataResolver.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.TestScopeMetadataResolver
org/springframework/scripting/ContextScriptBean.java
 org.springframework.scripting.ContextScriptBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/ComponentScanAnnotationRecursionTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAnnotationRecursionTests
org/springframework/ejb/access/SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$2
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$3
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$4
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$5
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$6
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$MyBusinessMethods
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$MyEjb
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$MyHome
 org.springframework.ejb.access.SimpleRemoteStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$MyLocalBusinessMethods
org/springframework/context/annotation/FooServiceDependentConverter.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.FooServiceDependentConverter
org/springframework/scheduling/config/ScheduledTasksBeanDefinitionParserTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.config.ScheduledTasksBeanDefinitionParserTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.config.ScheduledTasksBeanDefinitionParserTests$TestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.config.ScheduledTasksBeanDefinitionParserTests$TestTrigger
example/scannable_implicitbasepackage/ComponentScanAnnotatedConfigWithImplicitBasePackage.java
 example.scannable_implicitbasepackage.ComponentScanAnnotatedConfigWithImplicitBasePackage
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/ImplicitJPArgumentMatchingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ImplicitJPArgumentMatchingTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ImplicitJPArgumentMatchingTests$CounterAspect
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/ReflectiveAssemblerTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.ReflectiveAssemblerTests
org/springframework/jmx/export/annotation/AnnotationLazyInitMBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.AnnotationLazyInitMBeanTests
org/springframework/scripting/support/StaticScriptSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.support.StaticScriptSourceTests
example/profilescan/ProfileAnnotatedComponent.java
 example.profilescan.ProfileAnnotatedComponent
example/scannable_implicitbasepackage/ConfigurableComponent.java
 example.scannable_implicitbasepackage.ConfigurableComponent
org/springframework/cache/config/AnnotationNamespaceDrivenTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.config.AnnotationNamespaceDrivenTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/EnableLoadTimeWeavingTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableLoadTimeWeavingTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableLoadTimeWeavingTests$EnableLTWConfig_withAjWeavingAutodetect
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableLoadTimeWeavingTests$EnableLTWConfig_withAjWeavingDisabled
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableLoadTimeWeavingTests$EnableLTWConfig_withAjWeavingEnabled
org/springframework/aop/framework/JdkDynamicProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$1
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$2
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$Bar
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$Foo
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$FooBar
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$MyEnum
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$MyInterface
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$MyOtherEnum
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$Named
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$Person
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$VarargTestBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicProxyTests$VarargTestInterface
org/springframework/context/annotation/componentscan/level1/Level1Config.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.componentscan.level1.Level1Config
org/springframework/context/support/StaticApplicationContextTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.StaticApplicationContextTests
org/springframework/context/support/SimpleThreadScopeTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.SimpleThreadScopeTests
org/springframework/context/event/test/EventCollector.java
 org.springframework.context.event.test.EventCollector
org/springframework/aop/config/AopNamespaceHandlerAdviceTypeTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.config.AopNamespaceHandlerAdviceTypeTests
example/scannable/ScopedProxyTestBean.java
 example.scannable.ScopedProxyTestBean
org/springframework/jmx/export/annotation/JmxUtilsAnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.JmxUtilsAnnotationTests
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.JmxUtilsAnnotationTests$FooIfc
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.JmxUtilsAnnotationTests$FooNotMXBean
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.JmxUtilsAnnotationTests$FooNotX
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.JmxUtilsAnnotationTests$FooX
org/springframework/context/annotation/Spr12636Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr12636Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr12636Tests$AsyncConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr12636Tests$UserService
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr12636Tests$UserServiceCollector
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr12636Tests$UserServiceOne
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr12636Tests$UserServiceTwo
org/springframework/jmx/export/naming/AbstractNamingStrategyTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.naming.AbstractNamingStrategyTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/componentscan/importing/ImportingConfig.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.componentscan.importing.ImportingConfig
org/springframework/context/annotation/MyTestBean.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.MyTestBean
org/springframework/context/support/TestProxyFactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.context.support.TestProxyFactoryBean
org/springframework/aop/framework/autoproxy/AdvisorAutoProxyCreatorTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.AdvisorAutoProxyCreatorTests
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.SelectivePrototypeTargetSourceCreator
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/XmlBeanFactoryTestTypes.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.ConstructorDependenciesBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.ConstructorInjectedOverrides
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DerivedConstructorDependenciesBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DummyBo
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DummyBoImpl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DummyDao
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DummyReferencer
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.FixedMethodReplacer
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.MapAndSet
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.MethodReplaceCandidate
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.MixedCollectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.OverrideInterface
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.OverrideOneMethod
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.OverrideOneMethodSubclass
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.ProtectedLifecycleBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.ProtectedLifecycleBean$PostProcessor
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.ReverseMethodReplacer
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.SerializableMethodReplacerCandidate
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.SimpleConstructorArgBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.SingleSimpleTypeConstructorBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTestTypes
org/springframework/scripting/support/ResourceScriptSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.support.ResourceScriptSourceTests
org/springframework/context/support/GenericXmlApplicationContextTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.GenericXmlApplicationContextTests
org/springframework/jndi/JndiLocatorDelegateTests.java
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiLocatorDelegateTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/Spr7167Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Dependency
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.MyConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.MyPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr7167Tests
example/gh24375/AnnotatedComponent.java
 example.gh24375.AnnotatedComponent
org/springframework/jmx/export/annotation/AnnotationTestSubBean.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.AnnotationTestSubBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/ComponentScanAnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAnnotationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.MyAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.MyConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.SimpleConfig
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/ImportTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$A
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$AppConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$B
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$ConfigAnnotated
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$ConfigurationWithImportAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$DataSourceConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$ExternalConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$FirstLevel
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$Foo1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$Foo2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$InitBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$LeftConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$NonConfigAnnotated
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$OtherConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$OtherConfigurationWithImportAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$OuterConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$OuterConfig$InnerConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$RightConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$SecondLevel
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$ThirdLevel
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$WithMultipleArgumentsThatWillCauseDuplication
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportTests$WithMultipleArgumentsToImportAnnotation
example/scannable_scoped/MyScope.java
 example.scannable_scoped.MyScope
org/springframework/context/annotation/Spr15275Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$Bar
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$ConfigWithAbstractFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$ConfigWithAbstractFactoryBean$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$ConfigWithAbstractFactoryBeanAsReturnType
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$ConfigWithAbstractFactoryBeanAsReturnType$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$ConfigWithAbstractFactoryBeanForInterface
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$ConfigWithAbstractFactoryBeanForInterface$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$ConfigWithFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$ConfigWithFactoryBean$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$ConfigWithFinalFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$ConfigWithFinalFactoryBeanAsReturnType
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$FinalFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$Foo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15275Tests$FooInterface
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/BeforeAdviceBindingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AuthenticationLogger
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.BeforeAdviceBindingTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.SecurityManager
org/springframework/context/annotation/LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConstructorResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConstructorResourceInjectionBeanWithCompositeAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConstructorResourceInjectionBeanWithConstructorLevelLazy
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FieldResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FieldResourceInjectionBeanWithCompositeAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$LazyInject
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MethodResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MethodResourceInjectionBeanWithCompositeAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MethodResourceInjectionBeanWithMethodLevelLazy
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$OptionalFieldResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.LazyAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$TestBeanHolder
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/BeanNamePointcutAtAspectTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.BeanNamePointcutAtAspectTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.CounterAspect
example/scannable/NamedStubDao.java
 example.scannable.NamedStubDao
org/springframework/context/annotation/AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests$AnonymousComponent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests$ComponentFromNonStringMeta
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests$ComponentFromStringMeta
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests$ComponentWithBlankName
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests$ComponentWithName
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests$ComposedControllerAnnotationWithBlankName
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests$ComposedControllerAnnotationWithStringValue
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests$ComposedControllerAnnotationWithoutName
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests$NonStringMetaComponent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationBeanNameGeneratorTests$TestRestController
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/AroundAdviceCircularTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AroundAdviceCircularTests
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/AspectImplementingInterfaceTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AnInterface
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AspectImplementingInterfaceTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.InterfaceExtendingAspect
org/springframework/context/support/ConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.ConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.context.support.ConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.context.support.ConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$2
 org.springframework.context.support.ConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$2$1
 org.springframework.context.support.ConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$3
 org.springframework.context.support.ConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$Bar
 org.springframework.context.support.ConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$Baz
 org.springframework.context.support.ConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$ComplexConstructorArgument
 org.springframework.context.support.ConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$Foo
org/springframework/scheduling/annotation/EnableAsyncTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$AspectJAsyncAnnotationConfig
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$AsyncBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$AsyncBeanUser
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$AsyncBeanWithExecutorQualifiedByName
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$AsyncBeanWithInterface
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$AsyncConfig
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$AsyncConfigWithMockito
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$AsyncInterface
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$AsyncService
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$AsyncWithExecutorQualifiedByNameConfig
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$CustomAsync
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$CustomAsyncAnnotationConfig
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$CustomAsyncBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$CustomExecutorBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$CustomExecutorBeanConfig
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$CustomExecutorConfig
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$ExecutorPostProcessor
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$JdkProxyConfiguration
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$OrderedAsyncConfig
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$Spr14949ConfigA
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$Spr14949ConfigB
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.EnableAsyncTests$UserConfiguration
example/scannable/DefaultNamedComponent.java
 example.scannable.DefaultNamedComponent
org/springframework/format/datetime/DateFormattingTests.java
 org.springframework.format.datetime.DateFormattingTests
 org.springframework.format.datetime.DateFormattingTests$1
 org.springframework.format.datetime.DateFormattingTests$FallbackPatternTests
 org.springframework.format.datetime.DateFormattingTests$SimpleDateBean
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/AdviceBindingTestAspect.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AdviceBindingTestAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AdviceBindingTestAspect$AdviceBindingCollaborator
org/springframework/context/annotation/DestroyMethodInferenceTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.DestroyMethodInferenceTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.DestroyMethodInferenceTests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.DestroyMethodInferenceTests$Config$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.DestroyMethodInferenceTests$WithDisposableBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.DestroyMethodInferenceTests$WithExplicitDestroyMethod
 org.springframework.context.annotation.DestroyMethodInferenceTests$WithInheritedCloseMethod
 org.springframework.context.annotation.DestroyMethodInferenceTests$WithLocalCloseMethod
 org.springframework.context.annotation.DestroyMethodInferenceTests$WithLocalShutdownMethod
 org.springframework.context.annotation.DestroyMethodInferenceTests$WithNoCloseMethod
org/springframework/aop/framework/Echo.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.Echo
org/springframework/context/support/LiveBeansViewTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.LiveBeansViewTests
org/springframework/scripting/CallCounter.java
 org.springframework.scripting.CallCounter
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/ThisAndTargetSelectionOnlyPointcutsTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TestImpl
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TestInterface
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ThisAndTargetSelectionOnlyPointcutsTests
example/scannable_scoped/CustomScopeAnnotationBean.java
 example.scannable_scoped.CustomScopeAnnotationBean
org/springframework/context/support/ResourceBundleMessageSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.ResourceBundleMessageSourceTests
org/springframework/jmx/AbstractMBeanServerTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.AbstractMBeanServerTests
 org.springframework.jmx.AbstractMBeanServerTests$BindExceptionHandler
org/springframework/context/annotation/EnableAspectJAutoProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableAspectJAutoProxyTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableAspectJAutoProxyTests$ConfigWithCglibProxy
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableAspectJAutoProxyTests$ConfigWithExposedProxy
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableAspectJAutoProxyTests$ConfigWithExposedProxy$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableAspectJAutoProxyTests$ConfigWithJdkProxy
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableAspectJAutoProxyTests$Loggable
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableAspectJAutoProxyTests$LoggingAspect
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableAspectJAutoProxyTests$SampleDto
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableAspectJAutoProxyTests$SampleInputBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.EnableAspectJAutoProxyTests$SampleService
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/MethodExclusionMBeanInfoAssemblerTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.MethodExclusionMBeanInfoAssemblerTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/support/CustomNamespaceHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support.CustomNamespaceHandlerTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support.CustomNamespaceHandlerTests$DummySchemaResolver
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support.TestNamespaceHandler
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support.TestNamespaceHandler$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support.TestNamespaceHandler$DebugBeanDefinitionDecorator
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support.TestNamespaceHandler$NopInterceptorBeanDefinitionDecorator
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support.TestNamespaceHandler$ObjectNameBeanDefinitionDecorator
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support.TestNamespaceHandler$PersonDefinitionParser
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support.TestNamespaceHandler$PropertyModifyingBeanDefinitionDecorator
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support.TestNamespaceHandler$TestBeanDefinitionParser
org/springframework/context/support/ApplicationContextLifecycleTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.ApplicationContextLifecycleTests
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/IAdditionalTestMethods.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.IAdditionalTestMethods
org/springframework/context/annotation/ImportSelectorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$AwareConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ChildConfiguration1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ChildConfiguration2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ChildDeferredImportSelector1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ChildDeferredImportSelector2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$DeferredImportSelector1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$DeferredImportSelector2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$DeferredImportedSelector1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$DeferredImportedSelector2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$DeferredImportedSelector3
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$GroupedConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$GroupedConfig1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$GroupedConfig2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$GroupedDeferredImportSelector1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$GroupedDeferredImportSelector2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$GroupedSample
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ImportSelector1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ImportSelector2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ImportedSelector1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ImportedSelector2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$IndirectConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$IndirectImport
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$IndirectImportSelector
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ParentConfiguration1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ParentConfiguration2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ParentDeferredImportSelector1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$ParentDeferredImportSelector2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$Sample
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$SampleImportSelector
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportSelectorTests$TestImportGroup
org/springframework/context/event/ApplicationContextEventTests.java
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$1
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$2
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$AsyncEventPublishingInitMethod
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$EventPublishingBeanPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$EventPublishingInitMethod
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$MyEvent
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$MyNonSingletonListener
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$MyOrderedListener1
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$MyOrderedListener2
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$MyOrderedListener3
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$MyOrderedListener4
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$MyOrderedListenerBase
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$MyOrderedListenerIfc
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$MyOtherEvent
 org.springframework.context.event.ApplicationContextEventTests$MyPayloadListener
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/benchmark/BenchmarkTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.benchmark.BenchmarkTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.benchmark.MultiplyReturnValueInterceptor
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.benchmark.TraceAfterReturningAdvice
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.benchmark.TraceAfterReturningAdvice$1
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.benchmark.TraceAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.benchmark.TraceBeforeAdvice
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.benchmark.TraceBeforeAdvice$1
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/Spr10668Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr10668Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr10668Tests$ChildConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr10668Tests$MyComponent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr10668Tests$MyComponentImpl
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.Spr10668Tests$ParentConfig
org/springframework/context/expression/ApplicationContextExpressionTests.java
 org.springframework.context.expression.ApplicationContextExpressionTests
 org.springframework.context.expression.ApplicationContextExpressionTests$1
 org.springframework.context.expression.ApplicationContextExpressionTests$2
 org.springframework.context.expression.ApplicationContextExpressionTests$ConstructorValueTestBean
 org.springframework.context.expression.ApplicationContextExpressionTests$MethodValueTestBean
 org.springframework.context.expression.ApplicationContextExpressionTests$PropertyValueTestBean
 org.springframework.context.expression.ApplicationContextExpressionTests$PrototypeTestBean
 org.springframework.context.expression.ApplicationContextExpressionTests$ResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.expression.ApplicationContextExpressionTests$ValueTestBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/ComponentScanAnnotationIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAnnotatedConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAnnotatedConfig_WithValueAttribute
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAnnotationIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAnnotationIntegrationTests$AwareTypeFilter
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAnnotationIntegrationTests$ComposedAnnotationConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanAnnotationIntegrationTests$ComposedConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithAwareTypeFilter
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithBasePackagesAndValueAlias
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithBeanNameGenerator
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithCustomTypeFilter
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithCustomTypeFilter$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithMultipleAnnotationIncludeFilters1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithMultipleAnnotationIncludeFilters2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithNoPackagesConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithScopeResolver
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithScopedProxy
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithScopedProxyThroughAspectJPattern
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanWithScopedProxyThroughRegex
 org.springframework.context.annotation.MultiComponentScan
 org.springframework.context.annotation.MyBeanNameGenerator
 org.springframework.context.annotation.MyScopeMetadataResolver
org/springframework/tests/sample/beans/FieldAccessBean.java
 org.springframework.tests.sample.beans.FieldAccessBean
org/springframework/context/annotation4/DependencyBean.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation4.DependencyBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$AutowiredConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$BeanA
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$BeanB
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$BeanC
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$ConfigWithCustomName
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$NameConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$NonInstantiatedFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$TwoTestBeanConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$TypedFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationConfigApplicationContextTests$UntypedFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.TestBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr10546/ParentWithImportConfig.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.ParentWithImportConfig
org/springframework/scheduling/support/CronSequenceGeneratorTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.support.CronSequenceGeneratorTests
org/springframework/validation/beanvalidation/ValidatorFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$InnerBean
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$InnerValid
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$InnerValidator
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$ListContainer
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$MainBean
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$MainBeanWithOptional
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$NameAddressValid
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$NameAddressValidator
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$NotXList
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$NotXListValidator
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$ValidAddress
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.ValidatorFactoryTests$ValidPerson
org/springframework/context/annotation/componentscan/level3/Level3Component.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.componentscan.level3.Level3Component
org/springframework/context/support/EnvironmentSecurityManagerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.EnvironmentSecurityManagerIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.context.support.EnvironmentSecurityManagerIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.context.support.EnvironmentSecurityManagerIntegrationTests$2
 org.springframework.context.support.EnvironmentSecurityManagerIntegrationTests$C1
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/spr9031/Spr9031Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.spr9031.Spr9031Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.spr9031.Spr9031Tests$HighLevelConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.spr9031.Spr9031Tests$LowLevelConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.spr9031.Spr9031Tests$MarkerAnnotation
org/springframework/scheduling/annotation/AnnotationAsyncExecutionInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AnnotationAsyncExecutionInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AnnotationAsyncExecutionInterceptorTests$1C
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AnnotationAsyncExecutionInterceptorTests$2C
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AnnotationAsyncExecutionInterceptorTests$3C
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AnnotationAsyncExecutionInterceptorTests$4C
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AnnotationAsyncExecutionInterceptorTests$5C
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AnnotationAsyncExecutionInterceptorTests$MyAsync
org/springframework/context/annotation/role/ComponentWithoutRole.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.role.ComponentWithoutRole
org/springframework/format/number/CurrencyStyleFormatterTests.java
 org.springframework.format.number.CurrencyStyleFormatterTests
org/springframework/aop/config/AopNamespaceHandlerProxyTargetClassTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.config.AopNamespaceHandlerProxyTargetClassTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/Spr8954Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr8954Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr8954Tests$AnInterface
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr8954Tests$Foo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr8954Tests$FooConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr8954Tests$FooFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr8954Tests$PredictedType
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr8954Tests$PredictingBPP
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/generic/GenericBridgeMethodMatchingClassProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic.GenericBridgeMethodMatchingClassProxyTests
org/springframework/cache/config/CacheAdviceNamespaceTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.config.CacheAdviceNamespaceTests
org/springframework/format/number/NumberFormattingTests.java
 org.springframework.format.number.NumberFormattingTests
 org.springframework.format.number.NumberFormattingTests$1
 org.springframework.format.number.NumberFormattingTests$TestBean
org/springframework/aop/framework/ProxyFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.ProxyFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.aop.framework.ProxyFactoryBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.aop.framework.ProxyFactoryBeanTests$AddedGlobalInterface
 org.springframework.aop.framework.ProxyFactoryBeanTests$DependsOnITestBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.ProxyFactoryBeanTests$GlobalAspectInterfaceInterceptor
 org.springframework.aop.framework.ProxyFactoryBeanTests$GlobalIntroductionAdvice
 org.springframework.aop.framework.ProxyFactoryBeanTests$PointcutForVoid
 org.springframework.aop.framework.ProxyFactoryBeanTests$PointcutForVoid$1
 org.springframework.aop.framework.ProxyFactoryBeanTests$PointcutForVoid$2
org/springframework/ejb/config/JeeNamespaceHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.ejb.config.JeeNamespaceHandlerTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/TestBeanNameGenerator.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.TestBeanNameGenerator
org/springframework/scheduling/annotation/AsyncResultTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncResultTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncResultTests$1
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncResultTests$2
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/TargetPointcutSelectionTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TargetPointcutSelectionTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TargetPointcutSelectionTests$AbstractTestImpl
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TargetPointcutSelectionTests$TestAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TargetPointcutSelectionTests$TestImpl1
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TargetPointcutSelectionTests$TestImpl2
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TargetPointcutSelectionTests$TestInterceptor
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.TargetPointcutSelectionTests$TestInterface
org/springframework/context/annotation/ImportAwareTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$ApplicationConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$BPP
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$ConfigurationOne
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$ConfigurationThree
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$ConfigurationTwo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$EnableFeature
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$EnableFeature$FeaturePolicy
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$EnableImportRegistrar
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$EnableImportedConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$EnableLiteConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$EnableSomeConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$FeatureConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$ImportedConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$ImportedConfigLite
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$ImportedRegistrar
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$ImportingConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$ImportingConfigLite
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$ImportingRegistrarConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$ImportingRegistrarConfigWithImport
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$IndirectlyImportingConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$LiteConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$MetadataHolder
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$OnMissingBeanCondition
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$OtherImportedConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ImportAwareTests$SomeConfiguration
test/aspect/PerThisAspect.java
 test.aspect.PerThisAspect
test/mixin/DefaultLockable.java
 test.mixin.DefaultLockable
org/springframework/tests/sample/beans/BeanWithObjectProperty.java
 org.springframework.tests.sample.beans.BeanWithObjectProperty
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr8808/Spr8808Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr8808.Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr8808.Spr8808Tests
org/springframework/jmx/export/annotation/IAnnotationTestBean.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.IAnnotationTestBean
org/springframework/validation/beanvalidation/MethodValidationTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.MethodValidationTests
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.MethodValidationTests$LazyMethodValidationConfig
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.MethodValidationTests$LazyMethodValidationConfigWithProxyTargetClass
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.MethodValidationTests$MyGroup
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.MethodValidationTests$MyStereotype
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.MethodValidationTests$MyValid
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.MethodValidationTests$MyValidBean
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.MethodValidationTests$MyValidFactoryBean
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.MethodValidationTests$MyValidInterface
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.MethodValidationTests$OtherGroup
org/springframework/format/datetime/standard/DateTimeFormatterFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.format.datetime.standard.DateTimeFormatterFactoryBeanTests
example/scannable/CustomAnnotations.java
 example.scannable.CustomAnnotations
 example.scannable.CustomAnnotations$PrivateAnnotation
 example.scannable.CustomAnnotations$SpecialAnnotation
org/springframework/jmx/export/notification/ModelMBeanNotificationPublisherTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.notification.ModelMBeanNotificationPublisherTests
 org.springframework.jmx.export.notification.ModelMBeanNotificationPublisherTests$StubSpringModelMBean
org/springframework/scheduling/annotation/AsyncAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$1
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConfigWithExceptionHandler
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$DirectExecutor
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ITestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.AsyncAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$TestBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/ComponentScanParserBeanDefinitionDefaultsTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanParserBeanDefinitionDefaultsTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanParserBeanDefinitionDefaultsTests$ConstructorDependencyTestBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanParserBeanDefinitionDefaultsTests$DefaultsTestBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanParserBeanDefinitionDefaultsTests$PropertyDependencyTestBean
org/springframework/cache/concurrent/ConcurrentMapCacheTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.concurrent.ConcurrentMapCacheTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$AnnotatedInitDestroyBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConvertedResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$DefaultMethodResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ExtendedEjbInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ExtendedResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$InitDestroyBeanPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$InterfaceWithDefaultMethod
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$LazyResourceCglibInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$LazyResourceFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$LazyResourceMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NamedResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NonPublicResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NullFactory
 org.springframework.context.annotation.CommonAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ResourceInjectionBean
org/springframework/jmx/export/annotation/AnnotationMetadataAssemblerTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.AnnotationMetadataAssemblerTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/spr8955/Spr8955Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.spr8955.Spr8955Tests
org/springframework/cache/interceptor/SimpleKeyGeneratorTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.SimpleKeyGeneratorTests
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/TestServiceImpl.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.TestServiceImpl
org/springframework/jmx/support/ConnectorServerFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.support.ConnectorServerFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/AnnotatedTestBean.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AnnotatedTestBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/ClassPathScanningCandidateComponentProviderTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathScanningCandidateComponentProviderTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathScanningCandidateComponentProviderTests$DefaultAndDevProfileAnnotatedComponent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathScanningCandidateComponentProviderTests$DefaultProfile
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathScanningCandidateComponentProviderTests$DefaultProfileAnnotatedComponent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathScanningCandidateComponentProviderTests$DevProfile
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathScanningCandidateComponentProviderTests$MetaProfileAnnotatedComponent
org/springframework/context/annotation/BeanAge.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanAge
org/springframework/format/datetime/standard/InstantFormatterTests.java
 org.springframework.format.datetime.standard.InstantFormatterTests
 org.springframework.format.datetime.standard.InstantFormatterTests$1
 org.springframework.format.datetime.standard.InstantFormatterTests$ISOSerializedInstantProvider
 org.springframework.format.datetime.standard.InstantFormatterTests$RFC1123SerializedInstantProvider
 org.springframework.format.datetime.standard.InstantFormatterTests$RandomInstantProvider
org/springframework/context/support/NoOpAdvice.java
 org.springframework.context.support.NoOpAdvice
org/springframework/context/conversionservice/TestClient.java
 org.springframework.context.conversionservice.TestClient
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/InterfaceBasedMBeanInfoAssemblerCustomTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.InterfaceBasedMBeanInfoAssemblerCustomTests
org/springframework/context/event/test/Identifiable.java
 org.springframework.context.event.test.Identifiable
org/springframework/cache/interceptor/CacheProxyFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheProxyFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheProxyFactoryBeanTests$CacheProxyFactoryBeanConfiguration
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheProxyFactoryBeanTests$Greeter
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheProxyFactoryBeanTests$SimpleGreeter
org/springframework/context/support/StaticMessageSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.StaticMessageSourceTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/DuplicateConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.DuplicateConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.DuplicateConfigurationClassPostProcessorTests$Config
org/springframework/aop/config/PrototypeProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.config.PrototypeProxyTests
org/springframework/context/support/Spr7283Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.Spr7283Tests
 org.springframework.context.support.Spr7283Tests$A
 org.springframework.context.support.Spr7283Tests$B
org/springframework/scheduling/annotation/ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$BusinessHours
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ComposedAnnotationFixedRateTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CronTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CronWithInvalidTimezoneTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CronWithTimezoneTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$EmptyAnnotationTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$EveryFiveSeconds
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ExpressionWithCronTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedDelay
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedDelayInMinutes
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedDelayInSeconds
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedRate
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedRateInMinutes
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedRateInSeconds
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedRateWithInitialDelay
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedRateWithInitialDelayInMinutes
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedRateWithInitialDelayInSeconds
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedRatesBaseBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedRatesDefaultBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedRatesDefaultMethod
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedRatesSubBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$Hourly
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$InvalidCronTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MetaAnnotationCronTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MetaAnnotationFixedRateTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NameToClass
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NameToClass$Converter
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NonEmptyParamListTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NonVoidReturnTypeTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$PropertyPlaceholderMetaAnnotationTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$PropertyPlaceholderWithCronTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$PropertyPlaceholderWithFixedDelay
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$PropertyPlaceholderWithFixedDelayInSeconds
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$PropertyPlaceholderWithFixedRate
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$PropertyPlaceholderWithFixedRateInSeconds
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ProxiedCronTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ProxiedCronTestBeanDependent
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SeveralFixedRatesWithRepeatedScheduledAnnotationTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SeveralFixedRatesWithSchedulesContainerAnnotationTestBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.ScheduledAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$WaitASec
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/QualifierAnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$MultiQualifierClient
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$MultipleAttributeQualifier
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$NonQualifiedTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$Person
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedByAliasTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedByAnnotationTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedByAnnotationValueTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedByAttributesTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedByBeanNameTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedByCustomValueTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedByFieldNameTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedByParameterNameTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedByParentValueTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedByValueTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$QualifiedFactoryBean$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$SimpleValueQualifier
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$SpecialPerson
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$Theta
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.QualifierAnnotationTests$ThetaImpl
example/scannable/NamedComponent.java
 example.scannable.NamedComponent
org/springframework/validation/beanvalidation/SpringValidatorAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.SpringValidatorAdapterTests
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$AnythingValid
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$AnythingValidator
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$Child
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$Parent
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$Same
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$Same$List
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$SameGroup
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$SameValidator
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$TestBean
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/AspectJAutoProxyCreatorAndLazyInitTargetSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AspectJAutoProxyCreatorAndLazyInitTargetSourceTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.LazyTestBean
org/springframework/instrument/classloading/ResourceOverridingShadowingClassLoaderTests.java
 org.springframework.instrument.classloading.ResourceOverridingShadowingClassLoaderTests
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/Counter.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.Counter
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/AfterAdviceBindingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AfterAdviceBindingTests
org/springframework/jmx/IJmxTestBean.java
 org.springframework.jmx.IJmxTestBean
org/springframework/context/annotation4/SimpleBean.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation4.SimpleBean
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/AnnotationBindingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AnnotationBindingTests
test/mixin/LockMixinAdvisor.java
 test.mixin.LockMixinAdvisor
org/springframework/cache/config/AnnotationDrivenCacheConfigTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.config.AnnotationDrivenCacheConfigTests
org/springframework/scripting/ConfigurableMessenger.java
 org.springframework.scripting.ConfigurableMessenger
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/AfterThrowingAdviceBindingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AfterThrowingAdviceBindingTestAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AfterThrowingAdviceBindingTestAspect$AfterThrowingAdviceBindingCollaborator
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AfterThrowingAdviceBindingTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/AnnotationScopeMetadataResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationScopeMetadataResolverTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationScopeMetadataResolverTests$AnnotatedWithCustomRequestScope
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationScopeMetadataResolverTests$AnnotatedWithCustomRequestScopeWithAttributeOverride
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationScopeMetadataResolverTests$AnnotatedWithPrototypeScope
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationScopeMetadataResolverTests$AnnotatedWithScopedProxy
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationScopeMetadataResolverTests$AnnotatedWithSingletonScope
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationScopeMetadataResolverTests$CustomRequestScope
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AnnotationScopeMetadataResolverTests$CustomRequestScopeWithAttributeOverride
org/springframework/jmx/export/naming/KeyNamingStrategyTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.naming.KeyNamingStrategyTests
org/springframework/core/task/NoOpRunnable.java
 org.springframework.core.task.NoOpRunnable
org/springframework/aop/config/MethodLocatingFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.config.MethodLocatingFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/scripting/support/ScriptFactoryPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.support.ScriptFactoryPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.scripting.support.ScriptFactoryPostProcessorTests$DefaultMessengerService
org/springframework/jmx/export/annotation/AnnotationTestBean.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.AnnotationTestBean
org/springframework/context/conversionservice/ConversionServiceContextConfigTests.java
 org.springframework.context.conversionservice.ConversionServiceContextConfigTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr8761/Spr8761Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr8761.Spr8761Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr8761.WithNestedAnnotation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr8761.WithNestedAnnotation$MyComponent
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr16756/ScannedComponent.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr16756.ScannedComponent
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr16756.ScannedComponent$State
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr16756.ScannedComponent$StateImpl
org/springframework/jndi/JndiTemplateEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiTemplateEditorTests
org/springframework/tests/sample/beans/ResourceTestBean.java
 org.springframework.tests.sample.beans.ResourceTestBean
org/springframework/aop/framework/autoproxy/PackageVisibleMethod.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.PackageVisibleMethod
org/springframework/context/annotation/ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$AbstractMyBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$AttributeClassConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$AttributeClassRegistrar
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$DirectConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$GenericClassConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$GenericMethodConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$MyBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$MyFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$NameCollectingBeanFactoryPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$RawWithAbstractObjectTypeFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanBeanEarlyDeductionTests$TestFactoryBean
org/springframework/context/index/CandidateComponentsIndexLoaderTests.java
 org.springframework.context.index.CandidateComponentsIndexLoaderTests
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/AspectJExpressionPointcutAdvisorTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AspectJExpressionPointcutAdvisorTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.CallCountingInterceptor
org/springframework/cache/interceptor/ExpressionEvaluatorTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.ExpressionEvaluatorTests
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.ExpressionEvaluatorTests$1
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.ExpressionEvaluatorTests$AnnotatedClass
org/springframework/context/annotation6/Jsr330NamedForScanning.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation6.Jsr330NamedForScanning
example/scannable/StubFooDao.java
 example.scannable.StubFooDao
org/springframework/scheduling/config/ScheduledTaskRegistrarTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.config.ScheduledTaskRegistrarTests
org/springframework/scripting/Calculator.java
 org.springframework.scripting.Calculator
org/springframework/jmx/export/annotation/EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$1
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$ComponentScanConfiguration
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$LazyAssemblingConfiguration
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$LazyNamingConfiguration
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$PackagePrivateAnnotationTestBean
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$PackagePrivateConfiguration
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$PackagePrivateExtensionConfiguration
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$PackagePrivateInterfaceImplementationConfiguration
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$PackagePrivateTestBean
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$PackagePrivateTestBeanExtension
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$PlaceholderBasedConfiguration
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.EnableMBeanExportConfigurationTests$ProxyConfiguration
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/LookupMethodWrappedByCglibProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.LookupMethodWrappedByCglibProxyTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.OverloadLookup
org/springframework/ejb/access/LocalStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$2
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$3
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$4
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$MyBusinessMethods
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$MyEjb
 org.springframework.ejb.access.LocalStatelessSessionProxyFactoryBeanTests$MyHome
test/TestMain.java
 test.TestMain
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/GroovyClassLoadingTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.GroovyClassLoadingTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/ImportWithConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportWithConditionTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportWithConditionTests$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportWithConditionTests$BeanOne
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportWithConditionTests$BeanProvidingConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportWithConditionTests$ConditionalConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportWithConditionTests$ConditionalThenUnconditional
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportWithConditionTests$NeverMatchingCondition
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportWithConditionTests$UnconditionalConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ImportWithConditionTests$UnconditionalThenConditional
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr16756/ScanningConfiguration.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr16756.ScanningConfiguration
org/springframework/context/annotation/Spr15042Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15042Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr15042Tests$PoolingTargetSourceConfig
org/springframework/context/index/CandidateComponentsIndexTests.java
 org.springframework.context.index.CandidateComponentsIndexTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/Spr3775InitDestroyLifecycleTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr3775InitDestroyLifecycleTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr3775InitDestroyLifecycleTests$AllInOneBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr3775InitDestroyLifecycleTests$CustomAnnotatedInitDestroyBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr3775InitDestroyLifecycleTests$CustomAnnotatedInitDestroyWithShadowedMethodsBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr3775InitDestroyLifecycleTests$CustomInitDestroyBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr3775InitDestroyLifecycleTests$CustomInitializingDisposableBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr3775InitDestroyLifecycleTests$InitDestroyBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr3775InitDestroyLifecycleTests$InitializingDisposableWithShadowedMethodsBean
org/springframework/format/datetime/standard/DateTimeFormattingTests.java
 org.springframework.format.datetime.standard.DateTimeFormattingTests
 org.springframework.format.datetime.standard.DateTimeFormattingTests$DateTimeBean
 org.springframework.format.datetime.standard.DateTimeFormattingTests$FallbackPatternTests
org/springframework/scheduling/concurrent/ConcurrentTaskExecutorTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ConcurrentTaskExecutorTests
org/springframework/validation/beanvalidation/BeanValidationPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.BeanValidationPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.BeanValidationPostProcessorTests$AfterInitConstraintBean
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation.BeanValidationPostProcessorTests$NotNullConstrainedBean
org/springframework/context/event/LifecycleEventTests.java
 org.springframework.context.event.LifecycleEventTests
 org.springframework.context.event.LifecycleEventTests$LifecycleListener
 org.springframework.context.event.LifecycleEventTests$LifecycleTestBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/BeanMethodPolymorphismTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$BaseConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$ConfigWithOverloading
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$ConfigWithOverloadingAndAdditionalMetadata
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$ExtendedTestBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$NarrowedOverridingConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$NarrowedOverridingConfig$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$OverridingConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$OverridingConfig$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$ShadowConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$SubConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$SubConfigWithList
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$SuperConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.BeanMethodPolymorphismTests$TestAdvisor
example/scannable/FooService.java
 example.scannable.FooService
org/springframework/context/expression/CachedExpressionEvaluatorTests.java
 org.springframework.context.expression.CachedExpressionEvaluatorTests
 org.springframework.context.expression.CachedExpressionEvaluatorTests$TestExpressionEvaluator
org/springframework/format/datetime/DateFormatterTests.java
 org.springframework.format.datetime.DateFormatterTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/ConfigurationClassProcessingTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$AbstractPrototype
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$AdaptiveInjectionPoints
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$AdaptiveResourceInjectionPoints
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithApplicationListener
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithBeanWithAliases
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithBeanWithAliasesConfiguredViaValueAttribute
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithBeanWithCustomName
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithBeanWithCustomNameConfiguredViaValueAttribute
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithBeanWithProviderImplementation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithDynamicPrototype
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithFinalBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithFunctionalRegistration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithNonSpecificReturnTypes
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithNullReference
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithPostProcessor
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithPostProcessor$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithPostProcessor$2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithPrototypeBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$ConfigWithSetWithProviderImplementation
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$OverloadedBeanMismatch
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$POBPP
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$PrototypeDependency
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$PrototypeInterface
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$PrototypeOne
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$PrototypeTwo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$SimplestPossibleConfig
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationClassProcessingTests$SpousyTestBean
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/ICounter.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ICounter
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/MyBytecodeProcessor.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.MyBytecodeProcessor
org/springframework/context/annotation/ConfigurationClassAndBeanMethodTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassAndBeanMethodTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassAndBeanMethodTests$Config1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassAndBeanMethodTests$Config2
org/springframework/context/config/ContextNamespaceHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.context.config.ContextNamespaceHandlerTests
org/springframework/cache/interceptor/CacheSyncFailureTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheSyncFailureTests
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheSyncFailureTests$Config
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheSyncFailureTests$SimpleService
org/springframework/context/annotation/Spr6602Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr6602Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr6602Tests$Bar
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr6602Tests$BarFactory
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr6602Tests$Foo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr6602Tests$FooConfig
org/springframework/context/annotation2/NamedStubDao2.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation2.NamedStubDao2
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/TestAnnotation.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.TestAnnotation
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr10546/ParentWithComponentScanConfig.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr10546.ParentWithComponentScanConfig
org/springframework/remoting/rmi/RmiSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.remoting.rmi.RmiSupportTests
 org.springframework.remoting.rmi.RmiSupportTests$1
 org.springframework.remoting.rmi.RmiSupportTests$2
 org.springframework.remoting.rmi.RmiSupportTests$2$1
 org.springframework.remoting.rmi.RmiSupportTests$CountingRmiProxyFactoryBean
 org.springframework.remoting.rmi.RmiSupportTests$IBusinessBean
 org.springframework.remoting.rmi.RmiSupportTests$IRemoteBean
 org.springframework.remoting.rmi.RmiSupportTests$IWrongBusinessBean
 org.springframework.remoting.rmi.RmiSupportTests$RemoteBean
org/springframework/context/annotation3/StubFooDao.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation3.StubFooDao
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/autoproxy/AnnotatedTestBeanImpl.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.AnnotatedTestBeanImpl
org/springframework/context/annotation/ClassPathBeanDefinitionScannerTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathBeanDefinitionScannerTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathBeanDefinitionScannerTests$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathBeanDefinitionScannerTests$2
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathBeanDefinitionScannerTests$NonStaticInnerClass
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ClassPathBeanDefinitionScannerTests$TestBeanNameGenerator
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/ScopingTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ScopingTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ScopingTests$Bar
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ScopingTests$CustomScope
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ScopingTests$Foo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ScopingTests$InvalidProxyOnPredefinedScopesConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ScopingTests$MyProxiedScope
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ScopingTests$MyScope
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ScopingTests$ScopedConfigurationClass
org/springframework/aop/framework/autoproxy/BeanNameAutoProxyCreatorTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.BeanNameAutoProxyCreatorTests
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.CreatesTestBean
org/springframework/context/support/ResourceConverter.java
 org.springframework.context.support.ResourceConverter
example/scannable/CustomComponent.java
 example.scannable.CustomComponent
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/SharedPointcutWithArgsMismatchTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.MyAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.SharedPointcutWithArgsMismatchTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ToBeAdvised
org/springframework/context/annotation/SimpleScanTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.SimpleScanTests
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/MethodExclusionMBeanInfoAssemblerMappedTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.MethodExclusionMBeanInfoAssemblerMappedTests
org/springframework/context/support/PropertySourcesPlaceholderConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.context.support.PropertySourcesPlaceholderConfigurerTests
 org.springframework.context.support.PropertySourcesPlaceholderConfigurerTests$1
 org.springframework.context.support.PropertySourcesPlaceholderConfigurerTests$2
 org.springframework.context.support.PropertySourcesPlaceholderConfigurerTests$3
 org.springframework.context.support.PropertySourcesPlaceholderConfigurerTests$4
 org.springframework.context.support.PropertySourcesPlaceholderConfigurerTests$5
 org.springframework.context.support.PropertySourcesPlaceholderConfigurerTests$OptionalTestBean
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/TestService.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.TestService
org/springframework/cache/interceptor/CacheResolverCustomizationTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheResolverCustomizationTests
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheResolverCustomizationTests$1
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheResolverCustomizationTests$Config
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheResolverCustomizationTests$NullCacheResolver
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheResolverCustomizationTests$RuntimeCacheResolver
 org.springframework.cache.interceptor.CacheResolverCustomizationTests$SimpleService
org/springframework/context/support/TestIF.java
 org.springframework.context.support.TestIF
org/springframework/mock/env/MockEnvironment.java
 org.springframework.mock.env.MockEnvironment
org/springframework/format/support/FormattingConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$SpecialInt
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$SpecialIntAnnotationFormatterFactory
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$SpecialIntAnnotationFormatterFactory$1
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$SpecialIntAnnotationFormatterFactory$2
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$TestBean
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$TestBeanFormatter
 org.springframework.format.support.FormattingConversionServiceFactoryBeanTests$TestFormatterRegistrar
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/ConfigurationMetaAnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationMetaAnnotationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationMetaAnnotationTests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationMetaAnnotationTests$TestConfiguration
org/springframework/context/annotation/Spr11202Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11202Tests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11202Tests$Bar
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11202Tests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11202Tests$Foo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11202Tests$FooFactoryBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11202Tests$NoBarCondition
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11202Tests$Selector
 org.springframework.context.annotation.Spr11202Tests$Wrapper
org/springframework/scripting/bsh/BshScriptFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.bsh.BshScriptFactoryTests
 org.springframework.scripting.bsh.BshScriptFactoryTests$MyEvent
org/springframework/scheduling/concurrent/ThreadPoolTaskSchedulerTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ThreadPoolTaskSchedulerTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ThreadPoolTaskSchedulerTests$TestErrorHandler
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ThreadPoolTaskSchedulerTests$TestTrigger
org/springframework/context/groovy/GroovyApplicationContextTests.java
 org.springframework.context.groovy.GroovyApplicationContextTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/ComponentScanParserWithUserDefinedStrategiesTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScanParserWithUserDefinedStrategiesTests
org/springframework/context/annotation/ParserStrategyUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ParserStrategyUtilsTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ParserStrategyUtilsTests$ArgsConstructor
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ParserStrategyUtilsTests$ArgsConstructorAndAware
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ParserStrategyUtilsTests$InvalidConstructorParameterSubType
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ParserStrategyUtilsTests$InvalidConstructorParameterType
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ParserStrategyUtilsTests$MultipleConstructors
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ParserStrategyUtilsTests$MultipleConstructorsWithNoDefault
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ParserStrategyUtilsTests$NoArgsConstructor
test/aspect/PerTargetAspect.java
 test.aspect.PerTargetAspect
org/springframework/format/datetime/joda/DateTimeFormatterFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.format.datetime.joda.DateTimeFormatterFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/context/expression/EnvironmentAccessorIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.expression.EnvironmentAccessorIntegrationTests
org/springframework/jndi/JndiObjectFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiObjectFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiObjectFactoryBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiObjectFactoryBeanTests$2
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiObjectFactoryBeanTests$3
 org.springframework.jndi.JndiObjectFactoryBeanTests$4
org/springframework/jmx/export/NotificationListenerTests.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.NotificationListenerTests
 org.springframework.jmx.export.NotificationListenerTests$1
 org.springframework.jmx.export.NotificationListenerTests$CountingAttributeChangeNotificationListener
 org.springframework.jmx.export.NotificationListenerTests$SelfNamingTestBean
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/GroovyAspectIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.GroovyAspectIntegrationTests
org/springframework/context/annotation5/MyRepository.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation5.MyRepository
org/springframework/context/annotation/AggressiveFactoryBeanInstantiationTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AggressiveFactoryBeanInstantiationTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AggressiveFactoryBeanInstantiationTests$AutowiredBean
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AggressiveFactoryBeanInstantiationTests$BeanMethodConfiguration
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AggressiveFactoryBeanInstantiationTests$BeanMethodConfigurationWithExceptionInInitializer
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AggressiveFactoryBeanInstantiationTests$ExceptionInInitializer
 org.springframework.context.annotation.AggressiveFactoryBeanInstantiationTests$SimpleFactoryBean
org/springframework/context/annotation5/OtherFooDao.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation5.OtherFooDao
org/springframework/scripting/config/OtherTestBean.java
 org.springframework.scripting.config.OtherTestBean
org/springframework/scripting/groovy/GroovyScriptEvaluatorTests.java
 org.springframework.scripting.groovy.GroovyScriptEvaluatorTests
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/ThisAndTargetSelectionOnlyPointcutsAtAspectJTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ThisAndTargetSelectionOnlyPointcutsAtAspectJTests
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ThisAndTargetSelectionOnlyPointcutsAtAspectJTests$AnnotatedClassTestImpl
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ThisAndTargetSelectionOnlyPointcutsAtAspectJTests$AnnotatedMethodTestImpl
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ThisAndTargetSelectionOnlyPointcutsAtAspectJTests$Counter
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ThisAndTargetSelectionOnlyPointcutsAtAspectJTests$TestAnnotation
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ThisAndTargetSelectionOnlyPointcutsAtAspectJTests$TestImpl
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.ThisAndTargetSelectionOnlyPointcutsAtAspectJTests$TestInterface
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr16756/Spr16756Tests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr16756.Spr16756Tests
org/springframework/aop/framework/autoproxy/AutoProxyCreatorTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.AutoProxyCreatorTests
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.AutoProxyCreatorTests$ContainerCallbackInterfacesOnly
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.AutoProxyCreatorTests$CustomProxyFactoryBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.AutoProxyCreatorTests$CustomProxyFactoryBean$1
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.AutoProxyCreatorTests$FallbackTestAutoProxyCreator
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.AutoProxyCreatorTests$IntroductionTestAutoProxyCreator
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.AutoProxyCreatorTests$NoInterfaces
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.AutoProxyCreatorTests$SpringProxyFactoryBean
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.AutoProxyCreatorTests$TestAutoProxyCreator
 org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.AutoProxyCreatorTests$TestInterceptor
test/mixin/Lockable.java
 test.mixin.Lockable
org/springframework/context/support/Service.java
 org.springframework.context.support.Service
 org.springframework.context.support.Service$1
org/springframework/scheduling/concurrent/ThreadPoolExecutorFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorFactoryBeanTests$ExecutorConfig
org/springframework/jmx/export/annotation/AnnotationTestBeanFactory.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.AnnotationTestBeanFactory
org/springframework/context/annotation/configuration/ConfigurationBeanNameTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationBeanNameTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationBeanNameTests$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationBeanNameTests$A
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationBeanNameTests$A$B
 org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration.ConfigurationBeanNameTests$C
org/springframework/aop/config/AopNamespaceHandlerThrowingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.config.AopNamespaceHandlerThrowingTests
org/springframework/jmx/export/ExceptionOnInitBean.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.ExceptionOnInitBean
org/springframework/jmx/export/assembler/ICustomJmxBean.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler.ICustomJmxBean
org/springframework/cache/annotation/AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$AnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$AnnotatedClassWithCustomDefault
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$AnnotatedClassWithFullDefault
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$AnnotatedClassWithSomeDefault
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$CacheConfigFoo
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$CacheConfigIfc
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$CacheableFoo
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$CacheableFooCustomCacheManager
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$CacheableFooCustomCacheResolver
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$CacheableFooCustomKeyGenerator
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$ComposedCacheEvict
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$ComposedCacheable
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$EvictBar
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$EvictFoo
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$InterfaceCacheConfig
 org.springframework.cache.annotation.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$MultipleCacheConfig
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/XmlBeanFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$BadInitializer
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$ConstructorArrayTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$DependingBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$DoSomethingReplacer
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$DoubleBooleanConstructorBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$DoubleInitializer
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$HoldingBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$InTheMiddleBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$InitAndIB
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$LenientDependencyTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$PreparingBean1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$PreparingBean2
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$StringConstructorTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanFactoryTests$WrappingPostProcessor
org/springframework/aop/aspectj/AfterReturningAdviceBindingTests.java
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AfterReturningAdviceBindingTestAspect
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AfterReturningAdviceBindingTestAspect$AfterReturningAdviceBindingCollaborator
 org.springframework.aop.aspectj.AfterReturningAdviceBindingTests
org/springframework/validation/DataBinderTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$1
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$10
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$11
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$12
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$13
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$14
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$15
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$16
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$17
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$18
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$19
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$2
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$20
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$21
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$22
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$23
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$24
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$25
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$26
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$3
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$4
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$5
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$6
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$7
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$8
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$9
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$BeanWithIntegerList
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$Book
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$Form
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$GrowingList
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$NameBean
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$NameBeanConverter
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$OptionalHolder
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$SpouseValidator
 org.springframework.validation.DataBinderTests$TestBeanValidator
org/springframework/jmx/export/annotation/FactoryCreatedAnnotationTestBean.java
 org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation.FactoryCreatedAnnotationTestBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/ConfigurationClassAndBFPPTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassAndBFPPTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassAndBFPPTests$AutowiredConfigWithBFPPAsInstanceMethod
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassAndBFPPTests$AutowiredConfigWithBFPPAsInstanceMethod$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassAndBFPPTests$AutowiredConfigWithBFPPAsStaticMethod
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassAndBFPPTests$AutowiredConfigWithBFPPAsStaticMethod$1
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassAndBFPPTests$ConfigWithStaticBeanMethod
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassAndBFPPTests$TestBeanConfig
org/springframework/context/annotation/ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndParametersTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndParametersTests
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndParametersTests$Bar
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndParametersTests$Config
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndParametersTests$Foo
 org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationWithFactoryBeanAndParametersTests$FooFactoryBean
org/springframework/context/event/test/AbstractIdentifiable.java
 org.springframework.context.event.test.AbstractIdentifiable
org/springframework/context/annotation/spr12111/TestProfileBean.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.spr12111.TestProfileBean
org/springframework/context/annotation/SimpleConfigTests.java
 org.springframework.context.annotation.SimpleConfigTests
